The two leaders appreciated the major milestones achieved in the Special and Privileged Strategic Partnership between the two countries in the past year.
For this purpose, we have launched the ‘Make in India’ campaign.
It used to be played in almost every state.
Portuguese passion for football runs deep.
It is true that from time to time, political parties have made constructive efforts to improve the system.
He reaffirmed India’s commitment to a robust and strong bilateral strategic partnership with the US.
The beautiful landscapes of Cyprus and the wide horizons of ‘Incredible India’ can be a source of tourism promotion in both our countries.
Honey is nature’s gift to mankind.
You must have heard a lot about Kumbh.
He expressed confidence that through Scientific Approach, Technological Innovations, and Research and Development the graduating students would play an active role in turning agriculture into a profitable profession.
A meagre tea vendor; today you will be surprised to know that the lives of more than 70 children are being illuminated through education due to his efforts.
May you enjoy your stay in the spiritual city of Rishikesh, and the divine surroundings of Parmarth Niketan.
They said that the Muslim community would never allow any conspiracy against India to succeed.
The Prime Minister also conveyed his warm regards to H. E. Tun Dr. Mahathir Mohamad, Prime Minister of Malaysia.
From Itanagar, PM will return to Guwahati .
Every Indian is proud that these three great men belong to our land.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of cohesiveness in the European Union, and its significance as a force of stability in the world.
The Indian delegation, which was led by the Minister for Commerce & Industry, and Civil Aviation Suresh Prabhu, participated in the Eastern Economic Forum in Vladivostok in September 2018.
This does not do justice to our rich experience and abundant design talent.
He added that this shows India can take big decisions and implement them swiftly.
He said countries of the world wish to walk with India on the path of peace and stability.
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe will hold the 12th India-Japan Annual Summit, at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar, Gujarat on the 14th of September.
He said that initiatives like Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyaan and Mission Indradhanush played a vital role in the decline in the mortality rate.
18. Will integrate with the proposed National Health Protection Mission under Ayushman Bharat.
In the fourth quarter of 2017, we grew at 7.7 per cent.
He said Varanasi is among the select cities in the country where Piped Cooking Gas is being made available.
Prime Minister appreciated the contribution made by Secretary Carter in strengthening the defence cooperation between India and the United States.
PM will inaugurate the upgraded Tezu Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
The Facility has the largest underground storage compartment in the country.
We are now in the information age.
All of you must have celebrated Deepawali with traditional fervour.
The Prime Minister called for faster progress in electronic toll collection.
ShrimanGurbachan Singh ji’s family has presented one such example before us.
It also provides for getting the name of the company struck off from the Registrar of Companies after setting balance liabilities of TSPL.
My heartfelt condolences to the families who have lost their near and dear ones in this hour of grief.
He also encouraged the jawans to innovate, so that their routine tasks and duties become easier and safer.
He said that a national strategy for creating a robust infrastructure for research in Artificial Intelligence has been prepared a few months ago.
This will help provide better health and maternity care for the weaker sections of the society.
The external sector remains robust.
Her cool approach to the game shall surely help the entire team.
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are marked by broad understanding on issues of mutual interest.
The demand to confer constitutional status on the OBC Commission had existed for years.
He asked NITI Aayog to follow up with the States on the actionable points made by them within three months.
He mentioned the importance of conserving water, and added that in Kutch, people understood this quite well.
Nation is celebrating the Independence Day with the festival of Janamashtmi today .
Come, let us take positivity forward.
He also explained the various spin-off benefits, including on health and tourism that can accrue through the Swachh Bharat Mission.
The very name of Shastriji evokes a feeling of eternal faith in the hearts of us, Indians.
He said that with the Statue of Unity, India has given itself today, a towering inspiration for the future.
The Prime Minister said that today, the farmer buys in retail, but sells in wholesale.
The Prime Minister responded at length to various questions raised by the delegation members.
It is anchored in the belief that our people are pivotal partners in our effort to craft responsive, collective and inclusive solutions.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the inauguration of the birth centenary celebration of Nanaji Deshmukh at IARI at Pusa in New Delhi tomorrow (11th October, 2017).
My dear countrymen, today as we refer to Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, that too in ‘Mann Ki Baat’, I would like to share with you an incident from Netaji’s life.
Best wishes and blessings to Hanaya.
“I am delighted to join the programme to mark the conclusion of the Narmada Seva Yatra in Amarkantak, Madhya Pradesh, tomorrow afternoon.
He will also distribute aid and assistive devices to Divyangans.
Our mantra is Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory framework to ensure protection of their investment.
Speaking at the event, he said Mahatma Gandhi’s thoughts have the power to mitigate the challenges the world is facing today.
We have to take everyone and every section of the society along to take the country forward.
The world has for too long seen prices on a roller-coaster.
In this regard F.SA.A.I. is engaged in promoting good eating or Safe and Healthy Diet habits.
The train is expected to significantly reduce travel time between the two cities.
I am delighted that younger generation is taking interest in knowing about our history, about our freedom fighters and about those who made sacrifices for the country.
The celebration of Ganesh Utsav publicly had become an effective medium in promoting a spirit of social awakening, integration, amity and equality among the masses besides projecting a sense of dedication and festivity in them.
This will be the third official visit of the Prime Minister to Kollam.
I congratulate these young friends and members of the school in Chandrapur, from the core of my heart.
Atalji was a true patriot.
The Indian story of economic resurgence closely mirrors that of many other parts of Asia.
However, we should not forget that all the work was not done merely by the government, money, planning or power.
It brings about a harmony in the society by making the family sensitive towards society.
Dear brothers and sisters, in this very way, some farmers from hilly areas of Uttarakhand have become a source of inspiration for the farmers across the country.
Both leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
In the last two fiscal years, we received about 55 billion dollars as foreign direct investment.
With an event of such scale & magnitude, which saw the participation of thousands of sportspersons from myriad corners of the world, can you imagine the mood that must have pervaded the atmosphere there?
Your contribution is deeply valued across Sri Lanka and beyond.
It is a good chance for the sport lovers to witness closely contested matches.
“Strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
I have countless fond memories with him.
The Governing Council reviews the work done during the previous year and deliberates upon the future developmental priorities.
The two leaders agreed that as two major countries and emerging economies, India and China, given their vast developmental experiences and national capacities, should join hands to take lead in offering innovative and sustainable solutions to challenges faced by humankind in the 21st century.
The Prime Minister said that schemes such as Mudra Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India, are helping in greater financial inclusion.
Savarkaralong with his band of brave hearts celebrated the 50thanniversary of the First War of Independence with great fanfare at India house in London.
In fact, 1.25 billion people of India have the same affection for the Japanese people.
Speaking about the vision of holistic transformation of health sector, Prime Minister said that the approach of the Government is ‘No Silos- Only Solutions’.
Just a few days ago, in the Junior Under-20 World Athletics Championship in Finland, India’s brave daughter and a farmer daughter Hima Das made history by winning the gold medal in the 400-meter race event.
In this way, the national assets would be utilized in the best national interest.
The 26th of November is our Constitution Day.
It will lead to promotion and propagation of Traditional Systems of Medicines of India in Colombia.
Prime Minister assured him of India’s full and constructive cooperation in discharging his new responsibilities.
On the previous three International Yoga Days, people in our country and people all over the world participated with great zeal and enthusiasm.
No civil society can tolerate any kind of injustice towards the woman-power of the country.
It will provide top quality healthcare to the poor, he added.
He noted that the prize is being conferred at a time when India marks the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
India’s former President Shriman Abdul Kalamji used to speak of Nanaji’s contribution in rural development while talking to the youth.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and to forge long term commercial partnerships.
Swachh Bharat Mission, therefore, now includes the Project “Swachh Iconic Places” to address this issue.
In my experience, the more we relied on people’s own leadership, the better were the outcomes.
He said that in the last three years, the Union Government in India has focused on improvement in quality of life of the people.
Hence it is fitting that Kochi should have a Metro rail facility.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by Left Wing Extremists, in 2016-17.
Yoga can prove to be a strong pillar to lead a life of discipline and development.
Establishment of a security dialogue in order to develop a comprehensive action plan on security cooperation.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do everything it can, to give enough water to the farmers.
We have used technology to reach out to people.
• Solar Photo-Voltaic energy has become economical compared to all other energy sources.
The per capita plastic consumption in India is much lower than in many parts of the developed world.
In case of a fast track procedure, such award can be given in 6 months.
The two leaders agreed that as two major countries and emerging economies, India and China, given their vast developmental experiences and national capacities, should join hands to take lead in offering innovative and sustainable solutions to challenges faced by humankind in the 21st century.
He ensured that millions of Indians were brought under the ambit of one nation & one constitution.
These brave hearts made the supreme sacrifice in securing the lives of a hundred & twenty five crore Indians.
India remembers our brave soldiers who fought in WW-1.
I share with you the strong commitment to take our bilateral engagement to a new level.
He said India is today the fastest growing major economy.
Her fortitude in the face of adversity and steadfast opposition to colonialism will never be forgotten.
He said Operation Greens, announced in the recent budget, will be beneficial for farmers growing fruits and vegetables, especially Tomato, Onion and Potato.
Under the Comprehensive Primary Health Care aspect of Ayushman Bharat, we will provide preventive and curative services at primary care level to people near their homes.
Don’t let this opportunity go past you.
He said that in the last three years, the Union Government in India has focused on improvement in quality of life of the people.
At the event, there was mass chanting of Soundarya Lahari.
Shri Narendra Modi also called for a mission mode approach to the 100 most backward districts in India.
These projects are spread over several states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Odisha, Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
He was the architect of the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between India and Portugal.
He stressed that growth and development of Jammu and Kashmir is high on his agenda.
As fellow market economies, our needs and strengths are complementary.
President Temer’s visit will open up new areas for cooperation with Brazil, an important strategic partner.
Benefits of India’s success are available to our partners!
The PM added, “The Government is constantly working to create a conducive environment for business in the country.
At a public meeting, he flagged off the 900th coach, and a Humsafar Rake.
New systems are emerging.
A single case takes years to settle.
• The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold annual Summit meetings, including on the margins of multilateral events.
As there are no middlemen, the goods are available at very reasonable rates.
India had earlier won the Asia Cup in Hockey in the years 2003 and 2007.
You see, if all the people of one state will do this, then I will ask the government to do a scrutiny of it and prepare publicity material based on seven common things received from each state.
Applauding the various social initiatives carried out by the Dawoodi Bohra community, Prime Minister said that various efforts are taken by the government to ensure improved living standards for citizens, especially the poor and needy.
It is true that from time to time, political parties have made constructive efforts to improve the system.
The Great Indian thinker and strategist Kautilya wrote the Arth-shastra more than two thousand years ago.
His birthplace was Patna, Karmabhoomi was north India and the last moments were spent in Nanded.
PM will inaugurate the newly constructed Madan Mohan Malviya Cancer Centre of Banaras Hindu University.
AIIB started its financing operations in January 2016.
The country is governed by peace, harmony and unity.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister highlighted the scope for cooperation in Energy Security and Food Security between the two countries.
During the same period a scheme to declare black money was introduced.
The PM added,“It is our constant endeavour to simplify procedures for small entrepreneurs.
Sister Nivedita, without caring for her health, started cleaning drains and roads.
It brings about a harmony in the society by making the family sensitive towards society.
He said India is today the fastest growing major economy.
This has given us an opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a stretch of the new Magenta line of the Delhi Metro on 25th December.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights policy.
This is the change.
He said the navies of 50 countries were part of the International Fleet Review organized by the Indian Navy in 2016.
Friends, Yoga has shown the path of wellness to the world from the path of illness.
It is for the first time since independence that such a scheme is envisaged for the crores of workers engaged in the informal sector, PM added.
It is considered an occasion to worship Vidya, knowledge.
Earlier this month, at an event in Bhopal, the Prime Minister had focused on the human element of our brave jawans.
My heart goes out to the victim’s families.
“I bow to Guru Ravidas Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayanti.
India will work with other partner countries and stakeholders to build a coalition or centre for promoting disaster resilient infrastructure in the region.
This is the seventh interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
During this visit, apart from my discussions with President Moon, I will meet with business leaders, members of the Indian community as well as eminent persons from all walks of life.
The second edition of “Samvad”- Global Initiative on Conflict Avoidance and Environment Consciousness, is being organised in Yangon today and tomorrow.
The passenger capacity in the aviation sector has reached 282 million passengers per annum.
Late in the evening, the Prime Minister drove through the streets of Varanasi, evaluating the development of the city.
Bilateral meetings with participating countries on the sidelines of BRICS meetings are also planned.
The Prime Minister also congratulated all those who were associated with this remarkable feat.
He expressed confidence that the people and the State of Gujarat would emerge even stronger and successfully tackle the challenge posed by the floods.
Translating a thought into reality was his forte’.
And if we impart knowledge about nature to our children then in future they may prove very useful in protecting the environment.
Your contribution is deeply valued across Sri Lanka and beyond.
Cyprus is the 8th largest investor in India.
This is an area that India needs to improve upon to remain competitive.
Shri Narendra Modi said he was fortunate to have had the occasion for social work among the tribals in his youth.
The Prime Minister said that cleanliness, or Swachhta, is one of the most important aspects of preventive healthcare.
When Rajani approached her father, expressing her wish to learn boxing, he encouraged her, arranging for whatever possible resources that he could.
The team members presented the Prime Minister with an autographed bat, a ball and a team jersey with the Prime Minister’s name.
I congratulate the people of Kochi on this proud moment.
Wheneverthere will be reference to Hockey,the story will remain incomplete without a mention of these legends.
This also is saving crores of rupees for the poor and middle class people.
Talking about Self Help Groups (SHGs), Prime Minister said that Self Help Groups play a very important role in the economic and social advancement of poor, especially for women from rural strata of society.
In the year 2001, Atalji changed the time of presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
A series of administrative reforms have significantly improved the business sentiment in the country.
Shri Narendra Modi said he was fortunate to have had the occasion for social work among the tribals in his youth.
My effort is to take the banking system to normalcy as fast as possible in the new year.
Under the aegis of “Eat Right India” campaign, ‘Swasth Bharat’ trips are being carried out across the country.
Specific actions have to be designed and implemented locally.
India and Russia regard the establishment of the multi-polar global order in international relations as a reflection of natural and inevitable process of evolution of interstate relations in the 21st century.
India and Cyprus share the common objective of bringing about an early reform of the United Nations Security Council.
My personal engagement with the leadership, Government, Industry and people of Japan is now a decade old.
They underscored the importance of reform of multilateral financial and political institutions to make them representative and responsive to the needs of developing countries.
Ayushman Bharat also includes the Pradhan Mantri National Health Protection Mission.
I congratulate the people of Kochi on this proud moment.
He added that inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made the Swachh Bharat Mission the world’s biggest people’s movement.
A memorandum was received from the Chief Minister of Mizoram, who could not make it to the meeting in person.
We are also encouraging and facilitating business and industry of both countries to increase the quality and quantum bilateral trade.
But whenever I look at the overall outcome of ‘Mann Ki Baat’, it reinforces my belief, that it is intrinsically, inseparably woven into the warp & weft of our common citizens’ lives, cent per cent.
The National War Memorial, near India Gate in New Delhi, is a fitting tribute to our soldiers who laid down their lives defending the nation, post-independence.
He said that Shri Inamdar had imbibed this principle, and his life is a source of inspiration.
In Port Blair, he laid a wreath at the Martyrs Column, and visited the Cellular Jail.
He said this would be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
This will be of immense importance to both countries considering their shared cultural heritage.
Now, we have come up with a law against Benami Property.
The first necessity for a healthy life is cleanliness.
Even today, players of Team India are encouraging the younger generation through their hard work and focused attention.
He stressed on women empowerment and respect for women.
The Prime Minister said that giving One Rank One Pension to ex-servicemen was a promise that he had made, and he was happy that he had been able to fulfil it.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights policy.
Our partnership will also extend to combating terrorism, organized crime, drugs and human trafficking.
The world today, is also threatened by the twin challenges – terrorism, and climate change.
Lower labour costs, large domestic market and macro-economic stability combine to make India a very attractive investment destination.
When Rajani approached her father, expressing her wish to learn boxing, he encouraged her, arranging for whatever possible resources that he could.
These are also our values.
Through radio I connect every month with millions of families.
During the last three years, everyone in his or her own way has contributed towards water conservation and water management.
We are giving loans to small enterprises without collateral.
The Prime Minister said that giving One Rank One Pension to ex-servicemen was a promise that he had made, and he was happy that he had been able to fulfil it.
This festival is now also celebrated in some parts of the world.
Both leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister noted that the Assistant Secretaries programme offers the junior-most and senior-most officers the opportunity to interact with each other.
Recognition of Trade Unions at Central/State level would reduce duplicacy of such exercise by different departments.
You have soaked our culture and made it your own.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India would be able to take advantage of the fourth Industrial Revolution.
He mentioned the importance of conserving water, and added that in Kutch, people understood this quite well.
We are now in the information age.
He said that over the last three to three and a half years, the Union Government has worked towards fulfilling this vision of social democracy.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took on the reins of weaving a unified India.
It gets inspiration through the teachings of Truth from Gautam Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
Investors look for growth and macro-economic stability.
Each one should nurture dreams for the next Olympics.
The element of Unity in diversity being India’s speciality comes naturally to us.
The Government has undertaken a range of transformational initiatives.
Protocol for Consultations between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and MEA for the period 2019-2023
The Prime Minister will lay the Foundation Stone for the expansion of Amul manufacturing facilities at Anand and Khatraj.
His Highness and I discussed ways to transform our energy ties in a strategic direction through specific projects and proposals.
This mammoth effort of bringing about cleanliness is a wonderful example of fostering aesthetics, co-operation and continuum.
We have taken note of the priority that President Temer attaches to reviving the domestic economic agenda in Brazil.
He will also dedicate to Nation the West- North Inter-Region Power Transmission Strengthening Project to ensure uninterrupted power supply to Western Uttar Pradesh.
Within hours, the video has generated tremendous interest on platforms such as Twitter and Facebook.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
All the best for today.
Most of the taxpayers in India would be benefitted by this decision.
The project of Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural co-operation between Kyoto city of Japan and Varanasi.
One can imagine one’s agonizing mental state if her world gets shattered at such a early age!
Earlier today, I announced direct Air India flights from Colombo to Varanasi.
A few days ago, the country’s beloved poet Neeraj Ji left us forever.
The Prime Minister and Prime Minister Jugnauth affirmed their shared commitment to further strengthen the time-tested and unique relationship between India and Mauritius.
He said the cooperative movement can play a key role in the achievement of these objectives.
I myself will also be a candidate during this election.
The Prime Minister tweeted that the Centre has assured all support to the Bihar government to mitigate the flood situation and that the situation is being monitored closely.
The Prime Minister said technology is useful only if it provides benefit to the common man.
Thus, it becomes clear that our younger generations still care for the brave heroes of our ancient past, its heritage and history.
He said farmers and scientists have to work together to transform agriculture.
We have resolved bottlenecks and significantly improved the average rate of implementation in these sectors.
Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the mission of Swacchh Bharat forward.
Top officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog and PMO, briefed the Prime Minister on various aspects of the scheme.
Last month onwards, they have started broadcasting versions in regional languages, immediately after the broadcast of my ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
He also raised a voice against social evils, he added.
I urge you to participate in Run for Unity, the festival of mutual harmony.
This very month, 20 year old Vedangi Kulkarni from Pune became the fastest Asian to traverse the globe riding a bicycle.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex post-facto approval to the MoU between India and Singapore on cooperation in the field of urban planning and development.
The Prime Minister will address a public rally in Dharamshala in Kangra district.
It is due to greats like her that India won freedom.
India is now the most preferred investment destination in this sector.
Praising the Bohra community, PM Modi said that it is his good fortune to have received the affection of Bohra community.
World Bank and IMF assess this trend to continue.
He also unveiled a series of development projects related to the energy, connectivity and health sectors.
We will facilitate an early commencement of negotiations on a free trade agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
At the event, there was mass chanting of Soundarya Lahari.
The work of building IIT, IIM and AIIMS is speedily going on.
The Prime Minister said that when India was not independent, its knowledge, and its traditions such as Yoga and Ayurveda were belittled.
Our partnership will also extend to combating terrorism, organized crime, drugs and human trafficking.
7. Posting of a Mid-Level health provider at the level of the sub-center who is trained in primary health care and public health related competencies.
“सबका साथ सबका विकास” can be the guiding light for action and cooperation in South Asia.
But now we live in independent India.
Our partnership will also extend to combating terrorism, organized crime, drugs and human trafficking.
The resulting expansion of health care facilities will lead to the creation of a large number of jobs.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
He said that this event is an occasion to honour Sarpanches who have contributed immensely to the movement towards a Clean India.
May Yoga be of benefit to one and all.
The Prime Minister and Prime Minister Jugnauth affirmed their shared commitment to further strengthen the time-tested and unique relationship between India and Mauritius.
I pray for a speedy recovery of all those injured due to the train accident.
Regional multi-lateralism through institutions such as AIIB can play a central role in helping to raise resources.
You can also act as a major catalyst in promoting the tourism of our country by utilizing the time from this October to March.
The main objective of this mission is to promote reading as a means to grow and prosper.
The Prime Minister said technology is useful only if it provides benefit to the common man.
I congratulate him on his success.
The President and I agreed that India offers excellent investment opportunities for Cypriot entrepreneurs.
“On World Toilet Day we reaffirm our commitment towards improving sanitation facilities across our nation.
He inaugurated the Luwangpokpa Multi Sports Complex, the Rani Gaidinliu Park, and other important development projects.
Government of India has launched ‘Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojna’ to encourage infrastructure building.
Today, the government is using Direct Benefit Transfers for 59 different schemes.
The enforcement of award can be refused by the Courts only as per international practices.
He recalled the felicitation of Indian soldiers by Bangladesh in New Delhi last year.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved Signing of Agreement between the India and Ukrain for cooperation in Agriculture and Food Industry.
A memorandum was received from the Chief Minister of Mizoram, who could not make it to the meeting in person.
We are also committed to ensure, that we do so, in a way that is sustainable and green.
In fact during the last three years it has become the third largest source of Foreign Direct Investments.
It will add tremendous strength to our strategic defence.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday evening, reviewed the progress of the Namaami Gange programme.
Beneficiaries also talked about how reduced prices of heart stent and knee transplants have changed their life.
10 days ago, Mother India had to bear the loss of many of her valiant sons.
On the energy front, we are now the fifth largest producer of renewable energy in the world.
I wish you success in your efforts.
India will work with other partner countries and stakeholders to build a coalition or centre for promoting disaster resilient infrastructure in the region.
I look forward to many more shining successes.
They noted with great concern the growing menace of terrorism and violent extremism and its universal reach.
We are fourth largest in Wind Energyand fifth largest producer of Solar Energy.
He also encouraged the teachers to digitally transform their schools and its neighbourhood.
This money will be used in strengthening the facilities like electricity, water, sewage, cleaning and gardens in those 33 cities.
The meeting was attended by several Union Ministers who look after economic subjects.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today inaugurated state-of-the-art super speciality Rasilaben Sevantilal Shah Venus hospital in Surat.
The Prime Minister said the bridge will bring about a positive change in the lives of the common people.
Works like Encyclopaedia of Hinduism, when made available in various languages, increase the under-standing and enhance the awareness of other traditions and cultures within the country.
Yoga can prove to be a strong pillar to lead a life of discipline and development.
PM will inaugurate the upgraded Tezu Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
In Singapore I will be focusing on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in areas of Fintech, skill development, urban planning and artificial intelligence.
Society and the family need to pay attention towards this crisis.
The results are already visible.
It brings about peace in the family by uniting the person with the family.
Addressing a public meeting, he described water as a holy offering from nature.
There is also a deep sense of social responsibility and ethical behaviour.
Kochi ranks first in the total number of international and domestic tourist arrivals in Kerala.
Indian women have played a leading role in peace keeping efforts.
He said the effort is to showcase India’s glorious past, and vibrant future.
Heartiest greetings to all fellow citizens on this auspicious occasion.
He exhorted them to study hard and develop a keen interest in sports as well.
Schoolchildren from various Atal Tinkering Labs shared their innovations with the Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister stated that both countries have benefitted in an unprecedented manner through economic engagement.
The Prime Minister said that every rupee, and every resource from the Government of India is devoted for the welfare of Indians.
2. Assistance in development of human resources and setting up of health care facilities;
In a way, this is endowed with the might to transform the entire season-cycle of the country.
The Government and the people of Japan have always shown great affection towards me and my country.
In Karnataka, especially in far-off, remote places, thousands of women availed of her services.
This will provide a benefit cover of over 7000 dollars annually to more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families.
These brave hearts made the supreme sacrifice in securing the lives of a hundred & twenty five crore Indians.
We are enacting a Goods and Services Tax law, to create an integrated national market.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for their exemplary performance in the international arena.
Leaving home for the first time, moving out of one’s village, coming out of a protective environment amounts to taking charge of the course of one’s life.
This includes photography and geo-tagging.
On our part, we would, of course, want greater influx of Japanese investments.
We look forward to our continued engagement with our development partners including AIIB.
The theme of IEF-16 is “The Future of Global Energy Security.”
Most of the sectors of our economy are now only open for FDI.
Under the Comprehensive Primary Health Care aspect of Ayushman Bharat, we will provide preventive and curative services at primary care level to people near their homes.
I compliment all those individuals and organisations working towards building more toilets in various parts of India.
I am looking forward to meeting the political leaders and friends in Nepal.
To this end, they decided to strengthen the Closer Development Partnership in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner, in pursuit of national modernization and greater prosperity for their peoples.
At this event we won 13 medals besides 3 in mixed events.
Man must relate to nature, man must revere nature, not merely consider it a resource to be exploited, the Prime Minister asserted.
The International Convention of Saurashtra Patel Cultural Samaj is being held in California, United States of America, this year.
Chhath festival is associated with the worship of the sun, rivers and ponds.
He says that during exams, parents have a vital role to play.
23. The Sides appreciated the efforts to further cement and institutionalize cooperation between Indian States and Russian Regions.
Everybody recalls the efforts and constructive role of the UN in establishing peace throughout the world.
Brothers and sisters, in this year’s budget a big decision has been taken to ensure that farmers get a fair price for their produce.
He expressed hope that the government will reach the target of 100% rural road connectivity soon.
He then witnessed an audio-visual presentation of experience sharing by select beneficiaries of schemes of the Government of India and Government of Rajasthan.
India and Russia regard the establishment of the multi-polar global order in international relations as a reflection of natural and inevitable process of evolution of interstate relations in the 21st century.
As the world’s most populous Muslim nation Indonesia stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
I hope they continue to do exemplary work in curbing plastic pollution.
He will then arrive at the Wall of Unity, and inaugurate it.
The occasion also marks the Golden Jubilee of the Press Council of India.
He remarked that he has himself visited the North East more than 25 times in the last 4 years.
The member countries may utilize the BRICS Network of Labour Research Institutes and BRICS Social Security Cooperation Framework for cooperation on Social Security and other labour issues.
BIMSTEC is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
Last year in November, India organized the first-ever South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
60. Our resolve is to build an India, which provides all the opportunities to the youth and women to fulfil their dreams.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Noida.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the Archaeological Survey of India has performed significant work over the course of the last 150 years or so.
He also added that India believes that a strong America is good for the world.
Under our scheme, our fellow villagers will get loan from the government, grant, and subsidy.
Minister Le Drian briefed the Prime Minister on the current status of bilateral defence cooperation.
This MoU shall remain in force for a period of five years.
Ayushman Bharat will provide immense investment opportunitiesin the areas of health infrastructure, medical equipment manufacturing, and healthcare services.
Five new Metro Rail Projects covering a total length of over 140 kilometers have been approved.
One of the focal points of ‘ParikshaPeCharcha’ was that there were lively interactions on various topics related with the entire process of examinations.
I congratulate the crores of people, particularly the poor, who benefitted from this initiative.
On 15th August, 2017, they unfurled the tricolour at Khardungla, in Ladakh.
The Prime Minister said that he wishes to caution the country that certain forces are trying to put undue pressure on the judiciary.
He said that the officers present in the gathering today have delivered leadership, despite often having to operate in an environment of negativity.
Bharat Net is targeted at providing last mile internet connectivity in the country.
The setting up of a Chair on the Paika Rebellion, in Utkal University, Bhubaneswar, was announced.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will support the cyclone-affected States through a package of relief measures.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
No civil society can tolerate any kind of injustice towards the woman-power of the country.
The situation that has emerged in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, as a fallout of the issue of distribution of the waters of the Cauvery River, is distressful.
We are now in the information age.
Till August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
Under this scheme, over 10 crore families will be provided health assurance worth Rs. 5 lakh each, every year.
Today our monetary policy, Start Up India, Stand Up India initiative have become seedbed for our young innovators and young entrepreneurs.
Even today, knowledge is the best guiding light.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
Despite rising oil prices, inflation is within the mandated range.
To this end, they decided to strengthen the Closer Development Partnership in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner, in pursuit of national modernization and greater prosperity for their peoples.
A large number of private companies have been connected to the portal.
He said enterprise and innovation should be the guiding principles in the 21st century.
He said Swachhata – or cleanliness – is a simple mechanism of preventive healthcare.
He dedicated the first phase of the Madhepura Electric Locomotive Factory to the nation.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister said that the effort is to undertake development work while preserving the environment and local culture.
The very name of Shastriji evokes a feeling of eternal faith in the hearts of us, Indians.
He emphasized that we, the people, must also work as per the expectations that our guardian – the Constitution – has from us.
First, all development sectors must imbibe the principles of disaster risk management.
This gives us new hope.
His work will continue to draw people towards the joys of Sufi music.
He said that he has been told that in the 13th century, the Indian Sufi Saint Baba Farid had come to Jerusalem, and meditated in a cave.
For mapping risks related to hazards such as earthquakes we have widely accepted standards and parameters.
He urged States to take steps in this regard.
I would also visit some places of worship that have civilizational linkages with India.
The Prime Minister said that the policies and decisions of the Union Government are aimed at increasing the income of farmers.
Friends, to further the principle of Sabka Saath – Sabka Vikaas, on the eve of the new year, Government is bringing some new programmes for the people.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that such Unnati Melas play a key role in paving the way for New India.
The Prime Minister asked the officers to fix clear targets to improve the country’s tax administration by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
Just recently I had two memorable meetings.
It used to be played in almost every state.
While the global economy is going through a period of uncertainty, India has shown tremendous resilience.
I have said earlier also that the combination of your hardware and our software is a fantastic combination.
He said Operation Greens, announced in the recent budget, will be beneficial for farmers growing fruits and vegetables, especially Tomato, Onion and Potato.
33. The Sides expressed interest in the development of mutually beneficial cooperation in the Arctic, inter alia in the sphere of joint scientific research.
At the event, there was mass chanting of Soundarya Lahari.
In this Town Hall programme, I had the opportunity to talk with crores of students from India and abroad, and also with their parents and teachers; a possibility through the aegis of technology.
In this context, the Prime Minister mentioned the International Solar Alliance, and the joint effort of India and France to this cause.
During the interaction, the crew made a presentation on various aspects of the mission, their preparation, training, and experiences during the journey.
A teacher asked the Prime Minister about what teachers should tell parents who are stressed about the exams of their children, and have unrealistic expectations.
It is also very heartening to see that the United Nations has come forward as a partner in this entire process.
Millions of people take a dip in the holy rivers on theoccasion of MakarSankranti.
The Prime Minister will visit an exhibition on the theme “technology and rural life.”
My dear countrymen, you must’ve returned to your respective routines after the Diwali vacation, with a new resolve, with a new determination.
Prime Minister said that special attention is given to skill development of rural youth through Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana.
In his maiden attempt, he cracked the Entrance exam for MBBS at AIIMS, Jodhpur.
This is the change.
A number of conventions and seminarshave been organised on various topics.
Since the council was created fifty years ago, India has made rapid strides in this industry.
I thanked all the parties on that day.
In this context, he mentioned that all Government permissions, including construction permits are being issued faster than before.
The enforcement of award can be refused by the Courts only as per international practices.
“I am delighted to join the programme to mark the conclusion of the Narmada Seva Yatra in Amarkantak, Madhya Pradesh, tomorrow afternoon.
He will also address a public gathering.
We know how to distribute the fruits of progress and prosperity to the common man.
Who does not know of the sense of adventure?
This visit takes place as both countries mark a decade of our strategic partnership.
It should try to achieve the real goal of bringing social and economic change.
He mentioned the importance of conserving water, and added that in Kutch, people understood this quite well.
The Indian Side conveyed its intention to increase import of fertilizers from Russia.
Lokmanya Tilak was full of courage and self-confidence.
We are clearing loans up to Rs one crore in 59 minutes”.
Through her work, she spread the message of the importance of cleanliness and service to mankind.
He emphasized the importance of positive news for a vibrant and prosperous nation.
You are the Leader of a great nation.
This line will boost Tripura as the gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
We stand with Portugal in full support in this hour of grief.
Indian soldiers showed it to the world that they are second to none if it comes to war.
Ours is a society that holds teachers in very high esteem.
The Facility has the largest underground storage compartment in the country.
As part of it, government has started training about one lakh masons.
This has given us an opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
About 12 crore farmers are expected to benefit from PM-KISAN.
This will enhance mutual trust and trade.
My heartfelt condolences to the families who have lost their near and dear ones in this hour of grief.
We have individually strived very hard to fight terrorism and violent extremism.
The PM-SYM along with the health coverage provided under ‘Ayushman Bharat’ and life & disability coverage provided under ‘Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana’ and ‘Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana, will ensure comprehensive social security coverage for the workers in the unorganized sector at their old age.
Grand parents, parents and children should together perform Yoga and also upload their photos.
“Rani Lakshmibai is a source of inspiration for every Indian.
Under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, rural roads have now connected 88 percent of all eligible habitations.
Prime Minister has welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families, ahead of the summits.
The Prime Minister asked the officers to fix clear targets to improve the country’s tax administration by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
They called for all issues related to the Iranian nuclear programme to be resolved peacefully and through dialogue.
Women beneficiaries also explained how Self Help Groups have ushered in a positive change in their lives.
He added that this shows India can take big decisions and implement them swiftly.
The beneficiary who takes a loan under the scheme would be provided interest subsidy for loan amount upto Rs. 2 Lakhs.
He expressed confidence that the people and the State of Gujarat would emerge even stronger and successfully tackle the challenge posed by the floods.
As a society, as a nation, the 2 minute tribute of silence on 30th January at 11 am, should become our instinctive nature.
The Prime Minister said that there are ample opportunities in the tourism sector, and the world is keen to come to India.
He worked tirelessly for the progress of Delhi, particularly towards ensuring better infrastructure.
This award is given by the UN body ‘Food & Agriculture Organisation’ – FAO.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:-
He said the aim remains to double farmers’ incomes, and make the farmers’ lives easier.
However, we should not forget that all the work was not done merely by the government, money, planning or power.
Despite so many hurdles, Rajani did not lose heart & went ahead with her training in boxing.
After the start of the project Customs administrations of both countries will be committed to its further expansion.
President Xi and I will exchange views on a range of issues of bilateral and global importance.
The Sides emphasized the importance of the continuation of the multilateral dialogue on this theme within the framework of the East Asia Summits and other regional fora.
Of late, News of abundant rainfall has been steadily coming in.
This will not only improve our refining and processing efficiencies but also ensure timely and efficent project completion.
It offers a spectacular view of the Sardar Sarovar Dam, its reservoir, and the Satpura and Vindhya mountain ranges.
What you say is right.
Earlier he also expressed sadness over loss of lives in forest fire in Portugal.
Saddened by his passing away.
He said that developing a close rapport with people, is one of the keys to achieving success in their tasks and objectives.
At this moment, there are expectations and the feelings of a strong response which is quite natural.
He will address a diverse gathering, consisting of farmers, scientists, entrepreneurs, students, government officials, and legislators.
We are happy to have this opportunity to deepen our engagement with the bank and its members.
I am happy to be a part of this august gathering of global leaders and decision makers of the food processing sector.
You will be delighted to know that this best policy making award is equivalent to an Oscar in the sector.
These experiences will enrich your lives.
However, we should not forget that all the work was not done merely by the government, money, planning or power.
Write not only about architecture or natural beauty but write something about their daily life too.
This is in line with our mutual desire for a reinforced strategic partnership.
The beneficiary who takes a loan under the scheme would be provided interest subsidy for loan amount upto Rs. 2 Lakhs.
The leaders reviewed regional and global issues.
The time has come for this to be seriously considered and debated.
The setting up of a Chair on the Paika Rebellion, in Utkal University, Bhubaneswar, was announced.
“Greetings to all soldiers, veterans & their families on Army Day.
On reading further, I came to know how our youngsters put in efforts to transform the lives of the common man by making smart and creative use of technology.
In fact, micro plastics have now even entered basic food like salt, bottled water and tap water.
This is specially essential for the freedom and peace of the exploited, victimised and deprived people and to ensure justice for them.
I wish Prime Minister Netanyahu, Mrs. Netanyahu and the delegation a memorable stay in India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a stretch of the new Magenta line of the Delhi Metro on 25th December.
They spoke of their respective efforts to contribute to the regional and global economic development.
This is an example where the daughters are stitching ordinary to good quality clothes for themselves and other families.
In the course of the day, the Prime Minister interacted with people in Kavaratti, and Kanyakumari.
This will be the world’s largest government funded health care programme.
Space technology will touch the lives of our people in the region.
Another noteworthy aspect of this project is that nearly one thousand women and twenty-three transgenders are being selected to work in the Kochi Metro Rail System.
Memories of Diwali celebrations with our security forces in Gurez sector of Jammu & Kashmir will stay long cherished in my heart.
Cyprus and India enjoy close economic ties.
Speaking on this occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the gathering on the celebration of Dhanvantari Jayanti as Ayurveda Divas.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) for entering into a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) in relation to Mutual Co-operation.
In Port Blair, he laid a wreath at the Martyrs Column, and visited the Cellular Jail.
We have over 300 million middle class consumers.
In a way, this is endowed with the might to transform the entire season-cycle of the country.
He said the awards also indicate the priorities of the Government.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
Over the last three years, my Government has placed special focus on overall infrastructure development of the nation.
Everyone talks about this but do we not have any responsibility towards conservation of water?
But, when we mention Ganesh Utsav, it is natural to remember Lokmanya Tilak ji.
Her stellar innings in semi finals will always be remembered.
He will witness the e-Gruh Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families.
Over the last three years, we have worked very hard on the front of Ease of Doing Business.
The whole world observes this as World Yoga Day.
Historically temples have played a key role in our societies.
We are clearing loans up to Rs one crore in 59 minutes”.
One of the main reasons for being afflicted with such diseases at a young age is the lack of physical activity in our lifestyle and the changes in our eating habits.
He also stated that within the next two weeks, the Fair and Remunerative Price (FRP) for sugarcane for the sugar season of 2018-19, will also be announced.
It is the third largest in terms of purchasing power parity.
The Prime Minister stressed on the need for an institutional arrangement that enables excellence in sports.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people of Jharkhand on their Statehood Day.
He said this spirit brings about a positive change, and engenders a sense of responsibility.
Terming it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated PM-SYM Yojana to the forty two crore strong unorganized sector workers in the country.
In this way, the national assets would be utilized in the best national interest.
He released a commemorative postage stamp to mark the occasion.
Talking about Self Help Groups (SHGs), Prime Minister said that Self Help Groups play a very important role in the economic and social advancement of poor, especially for women from rural strata of society.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
The same goes for improvements in cyclone early warning.
Make headway with this Mantra.
He said that the Tarakote Marg would provide an alternative route to the Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine, which would facilitate pilgrims.
The Prime Minister specially mentioned the State of Meghalaya, which received an award for its achievements in agriculture, in the period under review.
The Prime Minister said that out of the 500 biggest companies in the world, one-fourth belong to the public sector in some country.
He saw a vital place for youngsters in the realm of nation building.
The Prime Minister will also unveil a plaque to mark the inauguration of a public housing project of 624 houses.
17. They welcomed the signing of the MoU between National Small Industries Corporation of India and the Russian Small and Medium Business Corporation.
Heartiest congratulations, Beti Shivangi.
The Prime Minister fondly recalled their last meeting in Malaysia in May 2018.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister described the programme as an illustration of Indian traditions.
In fact, we are now living through what many have termed the ‘Asian Century’.
Prime Minister mentioned his PRAGATI initiative for project monitoring.
The requirement of road, rail and waterways is enormous.
It is indeed sad that we kept on calling the events of 1857 only as a rebellion or a soldiers’ mutiny for a very long time.
After the review, the Prime Minister announced a financial assistance of Rs 500 crore to the State.
He added that its implementation is a complex task that may well be the subject of future case-studies.
11,641 additional habitations have been connected with roads in the same period.
He also recalled the role of members of Indian community in the Kenya’s freedom movement.
UAE can benefit by linking with our growth in manufacturing and services.
The Governing Council reviews the work done during the previous year and deliberates upon the future developmental priorities.
The Prime Minister said that today, the life of a sportsperson can span several decades.
In the education sector, we have taken an important step to grant the universities freedom from restrictions to make them the world class universities.
He said the cooperative movement can play a key role in the achievement of these objectives.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights policy.
He expressed confidence that through Scientific Approach, Technological Innovations, and Research and Development the graduating students would play an active role in turning agriculture into a profitable profession.
Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the mission of Swacchh Bharat forward.
The law against Benami property was lying in limbo for years.
I experienced his excellent hospitality during the BRICS Summit in South Africa last year.
This is an area that India needs to improve upon to remain competitive.
Who does not know about the Bangladesh Freedom Struggle of 1971?
We also exchanged perspectives on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Minister of Foreign Affairs to India.
India’s core values are rooted in our civilizational heritage.
India remembers our brave soldiers who fought in WW-1.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has brought millions of people into the banking system.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lal ji had talked of creating a mass awakening on an extensive scale about the necessary measures to ensure a better income for our farmers and provide better irrigation facilities and to increase food and milk production.
It is our responsibility to further develop the understanding about Yoga for a healthy and happy humanity.
“A warm welcome and best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
Her fortitude in the face of adversity and steadfast opposition to colonialism will never be forgotten.
Just two days back, I have written letters to all governments and all leaders of the world about the Yoga Day.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on Land Border Crossing.
Businesses seek assurance of the prevalence of rule of law in the Indian market.
As developing countries, we share similar challenges.
He said that even in agriculture, there is need to develop a new “culture” through infusion of technology, to benefit farmers.
Dr. Abdul Momen briefed the Prime Minister on recent developments in the bilateral relationship.
The Prime Minister gave an overview of reforms undertaken in India in the recent past.
Indian can proudly claim that in the armed forces,our Army not only man-power but woman-power too is contributing equally.
He emphasized the importance of positive news for a vibrant and prosperous nation.
The two leaders agreed that as two major countries and emerging economies, India and China, given their vast developmental experiences and national capacities, should join hands to take lead in offering innovative and sustainable solutions to challenges faced by humankind in the 21st century.
2. Assistance in development of human resources and setting up of health care facilities;
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it was indeed significant that the junior-most and senior-most officers are spending such a lot of time communicating with each other.
The Prime Minister said that every rupee, and every resource from the Government of India is devoted for the welfare of Indians.
During this visit, apart from my discussions with President Moon, I will meet with business leaders, members of the Indian community as well as eminent persons from all walks of life.
I will join programmes in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Modasa and Gandhinagar.
A holistic campaign has been launched to urge and invite people to send letters and messages to the Armed Forces.
Lord Buddha’s message is as relevant in the twenty first century as it was two and a half millennia ago.
From the point of larger scale of operations and higher value addition, an investor is also attracted by a large domestic market size, availability of skilled labour and good physical infrastructure.
The Prime Minister said that the visit of British Prime Minister Theresa May to India in November 2016 has put in place the framework necessary to guide India-UK relations in the days to come.
Nation is celebrating the Independence Day with the festival of Janamashtmi today .
Her father is a labourer and mother a fish-seller.
He said the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana envisions water for every farm.
Have asked Defence Ministry to further step up the rescue and relief operations across the state.
It gets its wings from our democratic traditions, emphasis on both wealth and value creation, a robust sense of enterprise and quest to modernize and prosper its economy.
The Indian Diaspora in Portugal has played an important role in deepening our bilateral ties.
Heartiest congratulations, Beti Shivangi.
Cyprus is the 8th largest investor in India.
And now the festival of Eid is here.
Kerala was also the first state to attain 100 percent primary education.
We need to fully harness these strengths.
I once again bow paying my obeisance to Shri Guru Gobind Singh ji.
He mentioned the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by Left Wing Extremists, in 2016-17.
In view of the importance of the growth of the pharmaceuticals and biopharmaceutical industry in both countries and the importance of mutual cooperation in trade, industry and production in the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical sectors, both the countries have been trying to establish a formal mechanism of bilateral cooperation.
You will be delighted to know that this best policy making award is equivalent to an Oscar in the sector.
The Prime Minister said India can achieve a lot in football.
The whole world observes this as World Yoga Day.
The weather has become pleasant in several parts of the country with abundant showers.
The team members presented the Prime Minister with an autographed bat, a ball and a team jersey with the Prime Minister’s name.
During the operation, a sailor from Thailand Navy sacrificed his life.
Our constant efforts have improved India’s ranking in Ease of Doing Business.
Our tree and forest cover has also increased by one percent in the last two years.
I was inspired to visit the Cellular Jail only after reading Savarkarji’s book “Maazi Janmthep”.
As on date, integration of datasets of 41 programmes and schemes of 20 Ministries has been achieved on this Portal.
I pray for the quick recovery of those injured.
It will facilitate effective institutional interaction between India and Thailand.
Our conversation covered the full range of bilateral relationship.
This will be the third official visit of the Prime Minister to Kollam.
She rode for 159 days, covering around 300 kilometres every day.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
From cause-lists to case-laws, the lawyer’s library is now just a click away on your mobile phone.
Working together, we are determined to take our relationship forward as a ‘future oriented partnership for People, Prosperity and Peace’.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister described this conclave as a new beginning in the public sector sphere.
Our freedom movement is linked to our sentiments.
“My thoughts are with those who lost their loved ones due to the derailment of Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Express.
This is the seventh interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
This is changing the supply paradigm (पैरा-डाइम);
I once again bow paying my obeisance to Shri Guru Gobind Singh ji.
So, it is indeed an honour for me to welcome such a great friend and strong supporter of India.
The foundation stone of roads under central road fund (CRF) will be laid through the press of button.
It brings about peace in the family by uniting the person with the family.
I would like to share positive outcome of the budget session.
This number is expected to double in the next ten years.
Women are already empowered and now getting armed too.
He will address the gathering.
Prayer, spirituality and charity are accorded the highest priority during Ramzan.
I am happy to note that the State Government has announced 19th June as the reading day.
Do your best today.
In our effort to build disaster resilience, we stand shoulder to shoulder with all the nations of the region.
Seven of the top ten countries in the world in terms of number of deaths due to disasters are in the Asia-Pacific.
An average of 32,000 crore rupees have been spent besides the MNREGA budget each year on water conservation and water management.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of nine infrastructure projects in the railway, road, petroleum, and power sectors.
These are also our values.
We salute the courage & invaluable service of the Indian Army.
We have shaped an ambitious roadmap of engagement to make our comprehensive strategic partnership purposeful and action oriented.
He added that India now stands at 3rd place in Power Ranking in the 2018 report of the World Travel & Tourism Council.
The two leaders also shared views on their respective foreign policy visions of achieving global prosperity and security.
Russia expressed its support for India’s membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
I am happy to note that the State Government has announced 19th June as the reading day.
Stable, predictable and transparent regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
He will witness a demonstration of activities such as beneficiary identification, and e-card creation.
Arbitration proceedings will now become faster as the Arbitration law has been amended.
India has been home to several saints, seers who have served society and reformed it, he added.
He also explained how Government schemes and initiatives are all aimed at empowering the poor to fight poverty.
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew on the success of their mission.
Prime Minister Modi will dedicate first new Bhabhatron with precision technology (Multi Leaf Collimator), to the nation.
•India will emerge as a global leader in transportation sector through cutting edge technology and skilled manpower.
Thus, he brought our beloved tricolor closer to the commonman.
Even otherwise, Uttarakhand has been the main centre for Yoga for several decades.
This spirit of attachment towards the country and fellow countrymen was deeply imbibed in that great person of a very short physical stature.
“Greetings and best wishes toCentral Industrial Security Forceon their Raising Day.
Major international Financial Institutionslike the World Bank and the IMFas well as agencies like Moody’s have expressed confidence in India’s economic journey.
With their collective efforts, they have not only changed their own fortunes but have changed fortunes of the whole region.
As the world’s most populous Muslim nation Indonesia stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
He offered prayers at Sree PadmanabhaSwamy Temple.
“I bow to Guru Ravidas Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayanti.
Prime Minister appreciated how poor women with their self-confidence and strength fought against all adversities.
Within hours, the video has generated tremendous interest on platforms such as Twitter and Facebook.
After a year of hard work, one has the opportunity to display one’s capabilities, so this should be a festival of joy and enthusiasm.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the affection he receives in Kutch is unparalleled.
It is our responsibility to further develop the understanding about Yoga for a healthy and happy humanity.
He urged the students to think about innovative solutions to the problems faced by people.
She brought the people together by infusing a sense of national-awakening.
But, when we mention Ganesh Utsav, it is natural to remember Lokmanya Tilak ji.
Over the last three years, we have worked very hard on the front of Ease of Doing Business.
We are also partners in South Africa’s skill development efforts.
World Bank and IMF assess this trend to continue.
Security and defence cooperation have added growing new dimensions to our relationship.
Indian youngsters have distinguished themselves due to their futuristic and out-of-the-box thinking.
He said this would eliminate middlemen, and result in savings for the government.
Brothers and Sisters, irrigation schemes are progressing.
He said the Union Government has approved 100 percent FDI in healthcare systems.
This will enhance mutual trust and trade.
Today, the President and I have had detailed discussions.
Our forefathers have lived this as a way of life for centuries together.
Our two countries share vibrant and growing people to people ties.
The prospect of rapid growth places a large responsibility on India’s energy sector.
Have you observed the way I have frequently used terms such as ‘the best ever’ or ‘new, unprecedented record’?
This can happen only if businesses make long-term investments that create jobs and sustain economic growth.
The Government and people of India are with you in your journey towards peace and greater prosperity.
14. Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
He said that people should take a lead in knowing about local history, and archaeology of their towns, cities and regions.
He visited the Museum and Exhibition, and the Viewers’ Gallery.
This award is given by the UN body ‘Food & Agriculture Organisation’ – FAO.
He mentioned the roll-out of GST, auctioning of natural resources, insurance and banking sector reforms, and skill development, among others.
If we look at the map of the world, it is clear that both India and South Africa are located at very important places in the Indian Ocean.
He mentioned the roll-out of GST, auctioning of natural resources, insurance and banking sector reforms, and skill development, among others.
He added that several announcement were made in the Budget to this effect.
We now have electricity in every village.
Strategic Engagement
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that through the India Post Payments Bank, banking services will conveniently reach the remotest places in the country, and the people living there.
He commended the country’s security apparatus for the work they are doing in securing the country.
His slogan “Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan” is the hall mark of his grand personality.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and support at a personal level.
This money will be used in strengthening the facilities like electricity, water, sewage, cleaning and gardens in those 33 cities.
Till August 2017, Indian soldiers had lent their services in about 50 of the total of 71 Peacekeeping operations undertaken by the UN the world over.
The Prime Minister will join thousands of volunteers, performing Yoga asanas in the lawns of Forest Research Institute, Dehradun, located in the lap of the Himalayas.
Indian can proudly claim that in the armed forces,our Army not only man-power but woman-power too is contributing equally.
Plastic now threatens to become a menace to humanity.
The Prime Minister appreciated the State Government, and all other agencies for the response to the flood situation so far.
People from Meghalaya have made a notable contribution to our country.
I am happy to be a part of this august gathering of global leaders and decision makers of the food processing sector.
If we talk about the three years of this government, then more than 22,000 megawatt renewable energy capacity has been connected to the grid power.
“I bow to the venerable Loknayak JP on his Jayanti.
Till August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
The Prime Minister further said that adequate capital, courage and connecting with people are required for excelling in the start- up sector.
Setting up of the JWG on Counter Terrorism by India and Morocco would help cases relating to terrorist attacks.
Nation is celebrating the Independence Day with the festival of Janamashtmi today .
This is the seventh interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
Under this scheme, over 10 crore families will be provided health assurance worth Rs. 5 lakh each, every year.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has saluted Babu Jagjivan Ram on his birth anniversary.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and United Kingdom regarding cooperation between both countries in the sphere of Law & Justice and to set up a Joint Consultative Committee.
Even in our ancient scriptures, this importance of personal hygiene is captured.
He urged the students to think about innovative solutions to the problems faced by people.
Prime Minister said that special attention is given to skill development of rural youth through Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana.
In August 2016 strict rules were put in place to curtail benami transactions.
If we do not manage this growth, in terms of both planning and execution, the risk of economic and human losses from disasters will be higher than ever before.
Government has also asked banks to raise the credit limit for small industry from 20 per cent of turnover to 25 per cent.
He said Kashi is now emerging as a health hub.
This festival is now also celebrated in some parts of the world.
197 million bank accounts were opened in one year.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore enterprise and innovation exhibition.
We have set a target to construct capacity of 175 Giga Watt of renewable energy by the year 2022.
Yoga is a guarantee of both fitness and wellness.
Mentioning the Atal Incubation Centre that was inaugurated today, he said that startups are already beginning to get connected with this.
The member countries may utilize the BRICS Network of Labour Research Institutes and BRICS Social Security Cooperation Framework for cooperation on Social Security and other labour issues.
We seek peace and prosperity for all.
In a couple of days, we will observe the first International Tsunami Awareness Day.
We are enacting a Goods and Services Tax law, to create an integrated national market.
Prime Minister Modi said that Defence Cooperation is a key pillar of the relationship between India and Japan.
You will be glad to know that the productivity of Lok Sabha remained 118 percent and that of Rajya Sabha was 74 percent.
The Prime Minister said that the task of constructing toilets was undertaken in mission mode.
But, we are now awaiting the rains.
Terming it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated PM-SYM Yojana to the forty two crore strong unorganized sector workers in the country.
It has benefitted lakhs of craftsmen and workers.
I strongly condemn the violence and urge everyone to maintain peace.
The Act East policy of my government puts this region at the centre of our engagement.
Indeed, my personal engagement with the leadership, Government, Industry and people of Japan is now almost a decade old.
Their target is to reach 300 million under-privileged people by 2022.
Let me begin by congratulating NITI Aayog for organizing this global conference.
We will facilitate an early commencement of negotiations on a free trade agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
May the injured recover quickly.
According to the Bank of International Settlements, India is less vulnerable to banking distress among the major economies.
The Prime Minister explained how the Union Government is focused on improving ease of doing business, and ease of living for the citizens.
He noted that the Union Government as well as all State Governments would be keen to popularize sports.
More than forty countries have sent their official delegations as well.
The Indian Side welcomed the decision to open an office of the Far East Agency in Mumbai.
Your generation also faced relentless hardships.
Investments by AIIB in sustainable infrastructure can impact the lives of billions of people.
After unveiling a plaque to mark the inauguration, the Prime Minister travelled, and walked on the bridge for a few minutes.
India and Russia pledged to cooperate with each other to achieve these goals.
Such is the scale of opportunity that is waiting to be tapped.
I strongly condemn the violence and urge everyone to maintain peace.
The Prime Minister also emphasized the importance of Farmer Producer Organizations.
The #Sandesh2Soldiers campaign is expected to generate increased interaction between the people and the Armed Forces.
May the Almighty grant them the strength to bear this irreparable loss with courage and fortitude.
He was appointed as a Permanent Judge of the Gauhati High Court on 28th February, 2001.
I am confident that World Food India will help us take some concrete steps in this direction.
But whenever I look at the overall outcome of ‘Mann Ki Baat’, it reinforces my belief, that it is intrinsically, inseparably woven into the warp & weft of our common citizens’ lives, cent per cent.
He practised in the Gauhati High Court on constitutional, taxation and company matters.
If we look at the map of the world, it is clear that both India and South Africa are located at very important places in the Indian Ocean.
He also explained the various spin-off benefits, including on health and tourism that can accrue through the Swachh Bharat Mission.
Dr. Abdul Kalam continued to work throughout his life to realize the dream of a developed India.
It is my particular pleasure to welcome Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, the honourable Ministers from Malaysia and Mauritius to the event.
PM will inaugurate the newly constructed Madan Mohan Malviya Cancer Centre of Banaras Hindu University.
Therefore, the strategic imperative to Make in India, to Make for India, and to Supply to the World from India is stronger than ever before.
“Greetings on World Environment Day.
17. Proposed to expand basket of vaccines to all the states.
The Prime Minister noted the impressive technological progress made by Israel, and its long traditions of bravery and martyrdom.
Last month, our space scientists created a unique record.
This is the true spirit of women empowerment all over the country.
We need to change this mindset.
We also need to move towards transparent and flexible markets for both oil and gas.
Through Mahila Kisan Sashaktikaran Pariyojna, training has been given to over 33 lakh women farmers.
The world looks to India, and to Yoga, for a durable, and sustainable answer to these problems.
They underscored the importance of pluralism, democracy, and rule of law as key values to achieve peaceful co-existence.
“Today, Jan Dhan Yojana completes 3 years.
Our trade synergies with Europe and South East Asia through the Spice Route are well known.
This could form another link to further connect our societies.
This can happen only if businesses make long-term investments that create jobs and sustain economic growth.
And last year was also the silver jubilee year of our diplomatic relations.
He mentioned the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
The Prime Minister said that the next step in this movement of Swachhta, should be conversion of waste to wealth.
Today I will also have an opportunity to meet people of Indian origin living in the Netherlands.
He inaugurated the Luwangpokpa Multi Sports Complex, the Rani Gaidinliu Park, and other important development projects.
The 1.25 billion people of India are keen to welcome the ASEAN Leaders as our Chief Guests at India’s 69th Republic Day Celebrations.
The Prime Minister said that giving One Rank One Pension to ex-servicemen was a promise that he had made, and he was happy that he had been able to fulfil it.
The Prime Minister further said that adequate capital, courage and connecting with people are required for excelling in the start- up sector.
The Prime Minister said that the effort is to undertake development work while preserving the environment and local culture.
They reiterate the important role of the United Nations, including the High Level Political Forum on Sustainable Development, in coordinating and reviewing global implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
He said dynamic change is needed to transform the system.
I would like to see such a reading and library movement in the entire country.
He said the awards also indicate the priorities of the Government.
It offers a spectacular view of the Sardar Sarovar Dam, its reservoir, and the Satpura and Vindhya mountain ranges.
It is said that Bhagini Nivedita was the inspiration.
Over the years, I have visited Japan several times.
The wave of love and faith that spread across the nation is an indicator of his great personality.
This could form another link to further connect our societies.
He said the Statue would generate considerable tourism opportunities for the region.
World Environment Day seeks to address a very significant challenge this year.
The Prime Minister said that the government is committed to ensure timely completion of all the projects.
The approval seeks to ensure that the doctors belonging to Central Health Service (CHS) and of other Ministries / Departments / entities of the Central Government, after attaining the age of 62 years, work exclusively in their respective fields of clinical expertise.
He practised in the Gauhati High Court on constitutional, taxation and company matters.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished the citizens on National Voters’ Day.
We are a young Nation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended a function organized by the Press Council of India on the occasion of National Press Day.
In this context, the Prime Minister mentioned the International Solar Alliance, and the joint effort of India and France to this cause.
After the Indian Ocean Tsunami of 2004, the five worst affected countries brought in new laws for disaster risk management.
In response to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India’s timeless values of nurturing and protecting nature.
On reading further, I came to know how our youngsters put in efforts to transform the lives of the common man by making smart and creative use of technology.
I would like to see such a reading and library movement in the entire country.
5. The Sides called upon all states to work towards the lessening of global tensions and promoting the ideals of tolerance, cooperation, transparency and openness in inter-state relations.
I will also address the Indian Community in Indonesia.
10 days ago, Mother India had to bear the loss of many of her valiant sons.
i) Non-communicable diseases, including child cardiovascular diseases and cancer;
He is among the best orators our nation has produced, the Prime Minister added.
Earlier only eighty to ninety big merchants used to get access to global rough diamonds by travelling to Belgium, Africa and Israel.
There was appreciation for India’s economic reform agenda, including GST.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will attend the Annual Conference of DGPs and IGPs on 7th and 8th January at the BSF Academy at Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh.
“सबका साथ सबका विकास” can be the guiding light for action and cooperation in South Asia.
A memorandum was received from the Chief Minister of Mizoram, who could not make it to the meeting in person.
By removing physical barriers at state boundaries, GST will accelerate long haul transport and further increase efficiency.
These are just a few examples.
I have always considered my engagements with you extremely useful.
India’s former President Shriman Abdul Kalamji used to speak of Nanaji’s contribution in rural development while talking to the youth.
Sometimes it also appears that we are not able to perceive examinations in a proper perspective.
In our path of sustained high growth, and all around development, India counts Israel among its important partners, the Prime Minister said.
He said that initiatives like Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyaan and Mission Indradhanush played a vital role in the decline in the mortality rate.
Speaking of the achievements in sanitation, the Prime Minister mentioned that sanitation coverage has expanded from about 40 percent in 2014, to about 80 percent today.
On this occasion I extend my heartfelt gratitude to all the officers and jawans of Coast Guard for their service to the Nation.
Everybody recalls the efforts and constructive role of the UN in establishing peace throughout the world.
I have been saying that this twenty first (21st Century) is Asia’s Century.
You must have seen how within a hundred hours of the attack, retributive action was accomplished.
He inaugurated the Luwangpokpa Multi Sports Complex, the Rani Gaidinliu Park, and other important development projects.
The Army has resolved to wipe out terrorists and their harbourers.
Iran will continue to achieve new heights under the dynamic leadership of President Hassan Rouhani.
He will also address ex-servicemen on the occasion.
And, it is a particular pleasure to jointly inaugurate this Conference with our friend and partner, President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan.
He appreciated the officers who have been instrumental in facilitating this change.
A law was passed in 2015 on disclosure of foreign bank accounts.
• Cow is revered as the mother in our country.
Speaking at the event, he said Mahatma Gandhi’s thoughts have the power to mitigate the challenges the world is facing today.
May the Almighty grant them the strength to bear this irreparable loss with courage and fortitude.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India would be able to take advantage of the fourth Industrial Revolution.
The energy intensity of economies will change with focus on green energy and energy efficiency;
The Sides agreed to deepen cultural and humanitarian ties within the SCO.
India’s defence preparedness is guided by these thoughts.
You celebrate Indian festivals as your own.
Best wishes.
Bilateral cooperation in the field of food processing between India and Japan will be mutually beneficial to the food processing sector in both countries.
The Prime Minister said that this gathering today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
Most of the sectors of our economy are now only open for FDI.
New AIIMS are being opened in various states with a view to providing better treatment and health facilities to people across the country.
And, shape our partnership and engagement in a manner that ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and all Sri Lankans, and also touches your lives.
Armed Forces, the world over know the importance of supply chains.
Besides, the government’s thinking would also be reflected.
He laid the Foundation Stone for pipeline and road projects.
Recalling Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that on Netaji’s call, many youth from the Andamans had dedicated themselves to the freedom of India.
It will facilitate effective institutional interaction between India and Thailand.
He exhorted them to study hard and develop a keen interest in sports as well.
Kochi ranks first in the total number of international and domestic tourist arrivals in Kerala.
Addressing the large and enthusiastic gathering, the Prime Minister said he is witnessing first-hand, how Rajasthan welcomes visitors.
The ten questions in the Survey are as follows:
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Solar Alliance.
Indian youngsters have distinguished themselves due to their futuristic and out-of-the-box thinking.
He was a stalwart loved and respected across all sections of society, he added.
Responding to a team that is working to create rural digital entrepreneurs, the Prime Minister said that it is important to create an India where everyone has equal opportunities.
The project is also an example of environment friendly development.
The capacity of the National Consumer Helpline has been increased 4 times.
I wish to thank and congratulate those of you who are already in India.
The Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
This very month, 20 year old Vedangi Kulkarni from Pune became the fastest Asian to traverse the globe riding a bicycle.
The Earth is our mother and we all are her children.
In the fourth quarter of 2017, we grew at 7.7 per cent.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory framework to ensure protection of their investment.
He will join in the celebrations to mark one-year of the State Government.
It is for the first time since independence that such a scheme is envisaged for the crores of workers engaged in the informal sector, PM added.
Major international Financial Institutionslike the World Bank and the IMFas well as agencies like Moody’s have expressed confidence in India’s economic journey.
Even today, players of Team India are encouraging the younger generation through their hard work and focused attention.
The Prime Minister complimented the State Government for the efforts made in meeting the challenges of the unprecedented situation.
The team members presented the Prime Minister with an autographed bat, a ball and a team jersey with the Prime Minister’s name.
100 percent neem coating of Urea has also resulted in lowering expenditure on fertilizer, apart from raising productivity.
“On World Toilet Day we reaffirm our commitment towards improving sanitation facilities across our nation.
At Dwarka, he will lay the Foundation Stones of a bridge between Okha and Beyt Dwarka; and other road development projects.
The Prime Minister explained in detail about the benefits of PM-SYM.
The Prime Minister exhorted them to work towards achieving this vision.
Now, we have taken some more decisions in the interest of farmers.
The Prime Minister said that the Constitution has been a guardian for us.
He recalled that Indian soldiers had played a key role in the liberation of Haifa during the first world war.
It gets its wings from our democratic traditions, emphasis on both wealth and value creation, a robust sense of enterprise and quest to modernize and prosper its economy.
Setting up of the JWG on Counter Terrorism by India and Morocco would help cases relating to terrorist attacks.
He noted that the prize is being conferred at a time when India marks the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
UAE is one of our most valued partners and a close friend in an important region of the world.
Talking about the honesty shown by the Bohra Community in business, Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest businessmen and workers through GST, Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
He spoke of the benefit that schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Fasal Bima Yojana and Saubhagya have brought about in the State.
Japanese people have led the world in sustainable development.
More than 90 percent approvals have been put on automatic route.
After the Indian Ocean Tsunami of 2004, the five worst affected countries brought in new laws for disaster risk management.
Those nations who leave their heritage behind, are destined to lose their identity, he added.
Last month, our space scientists created a unique record.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:-
He said that more than 65 AYUSH hospitals have been developed in the last three years.
When all parties work together in the larger nation interest, positive outcomes and results emerge.
197 million bank accounts were opened in one year.
Emphasizing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said “playing with the well-being of future generations would be an immoral and criminal act.”
We are celebrating this Independence Day in a positive atmosphere amidst such positive chain of events.
Foreign investment has been invited in this sector.
Today, with NHRC operating at the national level, 26 State Human Rights Commissions have also been constituted.
There was a time in the past where some products from India had achieved a global reputation.
PM said his Government’s drive against black money was a bold and decisive step.
The Prime Minister later inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
He released a commemorative postage stamp to mark the occasion.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took on the reins of weaving a unified India.
The Indian Side conveyed its intention to increase import of fertilizers from Russia.
Such events gained more popularity with the passage of time.
Health and Wellness Centers is one of the vital components of Ayushman Bharat in ensuring Universal Health Coverage.
Ayushman Bharat will provide immense investment opportunitiesin the areas of health infrastructure, medical equipment manufacturing, and healthcare services.
You will witness for yourself the ensuing change.
He added that for the Union Government, decisions are about national interest and not political gains.
Banks and NBFCs will not levy high interest on these loans, as Government of India is bearing the cost of underwriting them.
In view of the importance of the growth of the pharmaceuticals and biopharmaceutical industry in both countries and the importance of mutual cooperation in trade, industry and production in the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical sectors, both the countries have been trying to establish a formal mechanism of bilateral cooperation.
At a public meeting at Ujire, the Prime Minister distributed RuPay cards to Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana account holders.
• Along with the High Speed Rail project, a training institute is also taking shape.
I congratulate these young friends and members of the school in Chandrapur, from the core of my heart.
So a lot of new people would have received the training for casting votes.
We aim to provide every poor and homeless household a house with toilet, water and electricity by the year 2022.
The Prime Minister explained how the Union Government is focused on improving ease of doing business, and ease of living for the citizens.
“Today, Jan Dhan Yojana completes 3 years.
The Prime Minister said that it is not enough to rest on past laurels, but is also important to adapt to emerging challenges.
I congratulate and felicitate the young heroes and their families who were honoured with various gallantry awards on the eve of this Republic Day.
We particularly focused on implementation of various decisions taken during our last two meetings.
Earlier only eighty to ninety big merchants used to get access to global rough diamonds by travelling to Belgium, Africa and Israel.
7. Posting of a Mid-Level health provider at the level of the sub-center who is trained in primary health care and public health related competencies.
Indeed, my personal engagement with the leadership, Government, Industry and people of Japan is now almost a decade old.
India will fully support their efforts in this direction.
The Prime Minister specially mentioned the State of Meghalaya, which received an award for its achievements in agriculture, in the period under review.
vi) Training in administration and management of health services and Hospitals;
Speaking about the progress towards this resolve, the Prime Minister said that more than 11 crore soil health cards have been distributed so far.
7. Procurement of health equipment and pharmaceutical products;
The Prime Minister will arrive in Port Blair on the evening of 29th December.
The Earth is our mother and we all are her children.
Early every morning, Jasmer Singh used to leave for work before Rajani and her siblings woke up.
It will provide much needed momentum to increased bilateral business and investment linkages.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday reviewed progress of key infrastructure sectors including PMGSY, housing, coal and power.
The capability, commitment & controlling situation through rapid decisions of the NDRF have made them a cynosure of every Indian’s eye, worthy of respect & admiration.
In this Town Hall programme, I had the opportunity to talk with crores of students from India and abroad, and also with their parents and teachers; a possibility through the aegis of technology.
Earlier only eighty to ninety big merchants used to get access to global rough diamonds by travelling to Belgium, Africa and Israel.
He urged the children to ensure that the adulation and fame that they are getting, should not become an obstacle to their future progress.
At the same time, an important responsibility of the State is to protect its own citizens.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory framework to ensure protection of their investment.
At Dwarka, he will lay the Foundation Stones of a bridge between Okha and Beyt Dwarka; and other road development projects.
Addressing the large and enthusiastic gathering, the Prime Minister said he is witnessing first-hand, how Rajasthan welcomes visitors.
The Sides emphasized the importance of the continuation of the multilateral dialogue on this theme within the framework of the East Asia Summits and other regional fora.
Some people have really benefitted very well from MNREGA budget provisions made by the Government of India for water conservation and water management works.
Today, I’m saying it with pride that it was collective efforts that made the ‘Swachch Bharat Mission’ a successful campaign.
We are all aware that a few days ago, ISRO has successfully launched the GSAT-19.
“The songs and music of Bhupen Hazarika are admired by people across generations.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has approved Measures to promote Hydro Power Sector.
These amendments have brought our arbitration process in tune with global best practices.
While speaking on Shri Pranab Mukherjee he said, “Pranab Da is an outstanding statesman of our times.
Happy that the Bharat Ratna has been conferred on Bhupen Da.” the Prime Minister said.
He described tourism as an ancient concept in India, and a spiritual tradition.
The Prime Minister said that the government is committed to ensure timely completion of all the projects.
The sagacity of conserving rivers and water is inherently reflected in many of our festivals.
Addressing the gathering, Prime Minister said that work is progressing at a fast pace to ensure that every homeless person has a house by 2022.
The independence of the judiciary is a basic feature of the Indian Constitution.
Our solidarity with the bereaved families.
Five (5) Companies of BSF, CISF and RAF’s have been deployed in the State to carry out rescue and relief measures.
As reported by the Swiss Bank Authorities, the black money deposits of Indian Nationals have a hit a record all time low.
Addressing an enthusiastic gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the atmosphere at Motihari today, evokes the same spirit of mass movement, that marked the Champaran Satyagraha, a century ago.
Along with this, they are undergoing a training course in skill development.
The Prime Minister also extended his wishes to the people of Andhra Pradesh.
Your work is like that of an interface between the government and the tax-paying companies and individuals.
The Prime Minister urged the sportspersons to remember, and keep in touch with the various Gurus, mentors and teachers, who have guided them right from childhood.
