The two leaders welcomed the major achievements of the Special Strategic Partnership between the two countries in the past year.
To this end, we have launched the Make in India campaign.
The game was played in almost every state.
The passion for football in Portugal is quite deep.
It is true that the political parties have also made meaningful efforts to reform the system from time to time.
He reiterated India's commitment to a strong and strengthened bilateral policy partnership with the United States.
The beautiful landscape of Cyprus and the vast horizon of India can be a source of tourism promotion between the two countries.
Honey is a gift from nature to humans.
You must have heard a lot about Kumbh.
He expressed confidence that through scientific thinking, technological innovation and R&D, students will play an active role in transforming agriculture into
A modest tea seller, you will be surprised to learn that education is shining in the lives of over 70 children today.
You can enjoy your stay in the spiritual city of Rishikesh and the divine environment of Paramartha Niketan.
He said that the Muslim community will not allow any conspiracy against India to succeed.
The Prime Minister also paid tribute to the Prime Minister of Malaysia, Dr Mahathir Mohammed.
The Prime Minister will return to Guwahati from Etanagar.
Every Indian is proud that these three great men are from our country.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of solidarity in the European Union and underlined its importance as a force for stability in
The Indian Delegation, headed by Shri Suresh Prabhu, Minister of Commerce Industry and Civil Aviation, participated in
This is not fair to our rich experience and the abundantly available design talent.
He said the implementation of GST shows that India is not only capable of making big decisions but also has the ability to implement them quickly.
He said that the countries of the world are willing to walk the path of peace and stability with India.
The Prime Minister and Prime Minister Shri Abe will hold the 12th India-Japan Annual Summit at the Mahatma Temple in Gandhin
The Prime Minister said that initiatives like the Prime Minister's Safer Matrivat Vyapavan and Mission Indra Dhanush
18. It will be connected to the National Health Defence Mission under Ayushmann Bharat.
India's economic growth rate in the fourth quarter of FY 2017-18 was 7.7 per cent.
He said that now Varanasi is among the selected cities where cooking gas is being provided by pipes.
The Prime Minister appreciated the cooperation of Secretary of Defense Carter in strengthening defence cooperation between India and the United States.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the redeveloped Teju Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
It is the largest underground storage facility in the country.
We are now in the information age.
Diwali will be celebrated with great joy for all of you.
The Prime Minister has suggested that we work expeditiously in the field of Electronic Toll Collection.
The family of Shri Gurdwan Singh Ji has set a similar example before us.
The name of the company has also been cleared from the list of Company Registrars after adjustment of the remaining liabilities of TS
My condolences and those of every Indian are with their families in this hour of grief.
He encouraged the young men to do new things so that their routine tasks and duties could be easier and safer.
He said that a National Strategy has been drawn up to create a strong backbone for research in Artificial Intelligence a few months ago
This will help improve health and maternal care for the vulnerable sections of society.
The external sector is still quite strong.
His calm attitude towards the game will certainly help the whole team.
The bilateral relations between India and Russia are motivated by a deep understanding of issues of mutual interest.
The OBC Commission had been demanding a constitutional seat for years.
He asked NITI Aayog to take follow-up steps with the States on the suggested actionable points within three months.
Discussing the importance of water conservation, he said that the people of Kutch understand this very well.
Today the whole country is celebrating the festival of Independence as well as the festival of birth.
Let's move forward with positivity.
He outlined the benefits of the Swachh Bharat Mission in the health and tourism sector.
When Shastriji is mentioned, we Indians have a tremendous reverence for him.
With the inauguration of the Statue of Unity, India has given itself great inspiration for the future.
The Prime Minister said that today, farmers buy retail but sell in bulk.
The Prime Minister gave detailed answers to various questions asked by the members of the delegation.
We are confident that our people will be decisive partners in our efforts to develop responsive, collective and inclusive solutions.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate the birth centenary of Nanaji Deshmukh at IARI, Poosa
My dear countrymen, today as we are discussing about Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, and also about Man Ki
Greetings and blessings to Hanya.
The Prime Minister said, I am very happy to be present at the closing ceremony of Narmada Saviya Yatra held in
He will also distribute assistive devices to the disabled.
Our mantra is "Sobos with, Sobos with, Sobos with, Sobos with, Sobos with
They want political stability and an auxiliary regulatory system to ensure the protection of their investments.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the ideas of Mahatma Gandhi have the power to solve the challenges of today in the world.
We have to take the individual, the people, every segment of society and we have to move the country forward with it.
The world has seen a long history of price fluctuations.
In this same thread, F.S.S.A.I. is engaged in promoting good eating habits, Safe and
The railway is likely to reduce travel time significantly by running between the two cities.
I am happy that the younger generation is interested in learning about our history, our freedom fighters, those who sacrificed for this
The public Ganesh festival became an effective means of traditional devotion and celebration as well as promoting a sense of community-awaren
This is the Prime Minister's third official visit to Kollam.
I would like to congratulate the school people of Chandrampur, these my younger friends, very much from the heart.
Atal Ji was a true patriot.
The Indian saga of economic revival reflects the remarkable progress made in many other parts of Asia.
But let us not forget that it is not just government, money, planning, power that gets everything done.
It brings goodwill to society by making families sensitive to society.
Brothers and sisters, in the same way, some farmers in the mountainous region of Uttarakhand have become an
The two leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
During the last two financial years, we have achieved about $55 billion of FDI.
When such a big event is being held, with thousands of players from all over the world attending, can you imagine what the atmosphere
Your contribution is widely appreciated throughout Sri Lanka and beyond.
Watching exciting matches is a good opportunity for sports lovers.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
I have countless memories with them.
The Administrative Council reviews the work done during the past year and discusses future development priorities.
The two leaders also agreed that given the extensive development experience and national capabilities of both countries, India and China as two important countries and
The Prime Minister said that schemes like Mudra Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India are helping to improve financial incl
The heroes of India House in London, including Savarkar, celebrated its 50th anniversary with a big ceremony.
In fact, 1.25 billion people in India are equally fond of Japanese people.
Referring to the idea of bringing about radical change in the health sector, the Prime Minister said that the Government's vision is to find
Just a few days ago, India's brave daughter and farmer daughter Hima Das has made history by winning the gold medal in
In this way, the national assets will be best used in the national interest.
November 26, this is our Constitution Day.
It will promote and spread the traditions and traditions of India in Colombia.
The Prime Minister assured him of India's full and constructive cooperation to successfully fulfil his new responsibilities.
On the last three International Yoga Days, people from all over the country and the world participated with great enthusiasm.
No civilized society can tolerate any kind of injustice against the female power of the country.
This will enable quality health services to be provided to the poor.
He said that this award is being given at a time when the country is celebrating the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi
Former President of India, Shri Abdul Kalam Ji, when speaking to young people, always spoke of Nanaji Deshmukh
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and become long-term commercial partners.
To address this problem, the Swachh Bharat Mission has now included the Swachh Iconic Places Project.
In my experience, to achieve better results, we have to rely on people's leadership.
The Prime Minister said that in the last three years, the Centre has focused its attention on improving the quality of life of the people
Therefore, it is appropriate that there should be a metro rail facility in Kochi.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by leftist extremists in 2016-1
Yoga can prove to be a strong foundation for discipline and development.
Preparation of Security Dialogue to develop a comprehensive Action Plan on Security Cooperation
The Prime Minister said that the Central Government will do everything it can to ensure that farmers have sufficient water supply.
We have used technology to reach people.
Solar photovoltaic energy has become more economical than all other energy sources.
Per capita plastic consumption in India is significantly lower than in many parts of the developed world.
The decision should be made within six months during the Fast Track process.
The two leaders also agreed that given the extensive development experience and national capabilities of both countries, India and China as two important countries and
It ensured that crores of Indians were brought under the umbrella of one nation and one Constitution.
These mighty heroes, we have sacrificed ourselves to protect the 125 crore Indians.
India remembers its brave soldiers who fought in World War I.
I have shared a strong commitment with you to take our bilateral relations to a new level.
He said that India is today the fastest growing major economy in the world.
His courage and his constant opposition to imperialism under unusual circumstances can never be forgotten.
He said that Operation Greens announced in the recent budget would be beneficial for farmers in growing fruits and vegetables, especially tomatoes
Under the comprehensive primary healthcare of Ayushmann Bharat, we will provide prevention and treatment services near people's
Don 't miss this opportunity, my friends.
The Prime Minister said that in the last three years, the Centre has focused its attention on improving the quality of life of the people
The programme included a collective reading of the beauty wave.
Shri Narendra Modi also called for a Mission Mode initiative for India's 100 most backward districts.
These projects are related to various states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pr
He was a master of the reestablishment of diplomatic relations between India and Portugal.
He stressed that the development and growth of Jammu and Kashmir is among his top priorities.
As a market economy, our needs and our power are complementary.
President Temer's visit will open the way to cooperation in new areas with Brazil, an important strategic partner.
The Prime Minister said that the benefits of India's success are also available to our partners.
The Prime Minister said the Government is continuously working to create a business-friendly environment in the country.
During a public meeting, he flagged the 900th coach and a Humsafar Rak.
New arrangements are born.
It takes years to decide a case.
The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold meetings of the Annual Summit including multilateral events.
The lack of intermediaries makes things very cheap.
India had previously won the Asia Cup in 2003 and 2007.
You see, if everyone in a state says that, I'll tell the government to scrutinize it and publish publicity on the
Appreciating the various social initiatives being undertaken by the Daudhi Bohra Society, the Prime Minister said that the Government
It is true that the political parties have also made meaningful efforts to reform the system from time to time.
The great Indian thinker and strategist Kauthiliya wrote Economics 2000 years ago.
Birthplace in Patna, Karmabhumi in North India and the last moment of life in Nanded.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the newly built Madan Mohan Malviya Cancer Centre at Banaras Hindu University.
The Asian Infrastructure Character Investment Bank (AIIB) started its financing related operations in January 2016.
The country is built on peace, goodwill and unity.
During the talks, the Prime Minister highlighted the immense potential for cooperation in the field of energy security and food security between the two
A scheme for black money disclosure was launched during the same period.
"We are constantly working to simplify processes for small businesses.
Sister Nivedita started cleaning drains and roads without worrying about her health.
It brings goodwill to society by making families sensitive to society.
He said that India is today the fastest growing major economy in the world.
This has given us the opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate a section of the new Mezzanta line of Delhi Metro on December 25.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights Policy.
This is change.
He said that nine armies from 50 countries participated in the International Fleet Review conducted by the Indian Navy in 2016.
Friends, Yoga has shown the world the path from illness to wellness.
This is the first time since Independence that such a scheme has been launched.
The occasion is considered to be the worship of Vidya.
At an event held in Bhopal earlier this month, the Prime Minister had highlighted the humane aspects of our brave soldiers.
My heartfelt condolences to the families of the deceased.
I salute Guru Ravidas Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayanti.
India will form an alliance or centre in this region with its other partner countries and stakeholders to promote disaster recovery infrastructure.
This is the seventh in a series of interactions of the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
In addition to the discussions with President Moon during my visit, I will meet business leaders, members of the Indian community as well as distingu
The second edition of Dialogue for Conflict Prevention and Environmental Consciousness is being held today and tomorrow in Yangon
The number of air passengers in the aviation sector has reached 28.2 crore per annum.
The Prime Minister visited various routes in the city in the evening to assess development work in Varanasi.
A bilateral meeting with the participating countries is also planned during the BRICS Summit.
The Prime Minister congratulated all those involved with this brilliant achievement.
He expressed confidence that Gujarat and the people of Gujarat will emerge strong and successfully from the flood challenge.
He was a master at making the idea come true.
And if we give children knowledge of nature, perhaps in protecting the environment, they can move forward.
Your contribution is widely appreciated throughout Sri Lanka and beyond.
Cyprus is the eighth largest investor in India.
This is an area where India needs to improve to remain competitive.
Shri Narendra Modi said that he was fortunate to have the opportunity to do social work among the tribals in his youth.
The Prime Minister said that sanitation or hygiene prevention is one of the most important aspects of healthcare.
When Rajini expressed his desire to learn boxing from his father, he encouraged him by using all the means possible.
Team members presented a bat, a ball and a team jersey with the Prime Minister's name signed to the Prime Minister.
I congratulate the people of Kochi on this proud moment.
Whenever hockey is discussed in the world, the story of hockey will remain incomplete without these great players of India.
This also saves crores of rupees of the large consumer class associated with the poor and middle class.
Discussing the self-help groups, the Prime Minister said that self-help groups play an important role in economic and social
In the year 2001, Atal Ji changed the time for presenting the Budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
Due to various administrative reforms, the business environment in the country has improved considerably.
Shri Narendra Modi said that he was fortunate to have the opportunity to do social work among the tribals in his youth.
Now there is an effort to bring banks back to normal as soon as possible in the new year.
Healthy India trips are being made across the country under the 'Eat Right India' campaign.
Specific Action Plan is being prepared and implemented at the local level.
India and Russia recognize the establishment of a multipolar world in international relations under the natural and inevitable process of developing interstate relations in
India and Cyprus share the same objective of rapid reform of the UN Security Council.
My personal contact with the leaders, government, industry and people of Japan is now almost a decade old.
He stressed the importance of reforming multilateral financial and political institutions to make them more representative and sensitive to the needs of developing countries
Ayushman Bharat also includes the Prime Minister's National Health and Safety Mission.
I congratulate the people of Kochi on this proud moment.
He said that inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made Swachh Bharat Mission the largest mass movement in the world
A memorandum was sent from the Chief Minister of Mizoram who could not attend the meeting in person.
We will also encourage and enhance the trade and industries of both countries to increase the quality and volume of bilateral trade.
But when I look at the impact of M. K. Bhatt, I am convinced that M. K. Bhatt
The National War Memorial near India Gate in New Delhi is a fitting tribute to our soldiers who gave their lives to protect the country
He said that Shri Inamdar had assimilated this principle into his life and his life is a source of inspiration.
In Port Blair, the Prime Minister paid tribute to the martyrs and visited the Seljular Jail.
He said that this will be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birthday in 2019.
This will prove to be of great importance for both countries given the shared cultural heritage of the two countries.
We have just introduced the law in a formal manner.
To live a healthy life, hygiene is the first requirement.
Today, Team India players are inspiring the new generation of hockey with their hard work and dedication.
Empowerment and respect of women were emphasized.
The Prime Minister said that he has fulfilled his promise of a one rank one pension for ex-servicemen and he is happy to
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights Policy.
Our partnership will extend beyond terrorism, organised crime, drugs and human trafficking.
The world today is also facing the dual challenges of terrorism and climate change.
India has become an attractive investment destination due to its low labour costs, large domestic market and great economic stability.
When Rajini expressed his desire to learn boxing from his father, he encouraged him by using all the means possible.
These are our values too.
I am in a way connected to millions of families every month through radio.
Over the last three years, everyone has made his own efforts towards water conservation and water management.
We are lending to small enterprises without any bail or guarantee.
The Prime Minister said that he has fulfilled his promise of a one rank one pension for ex-servicemen and he is happy to
Now, in some parts of the world, the Rathya Yatra of Lord Jagannath is celebrated.
The two leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Assistant Secretaries Programme provides an opportunity for junior and senior officials to interact
This will prevent duplication of the process being carried out by the various departments for recognition of trade unions at the Centre and State level
You have incorporated our culture into you and made it your own.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India will be able to benefit from the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
Discussing the importance of water conservation, he said that the people of Kutch understand this very well.
We are now in the information age.
He said that during the last three to three and a half years, the Central Government has worked to fulfil that vision of social democracy.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took over the reins of the Indian government in a formula.
It is inspired by the truth teachings of Gautama Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
Investors are looking for growth and greater economic stability.
Everyone should dream of the next Olympics.
We say very naturally that unity in diversity is the characteristic of India.
The Government has launched a series of transformative initiatives.
Protocol for Consultation between the Ministries of External Affairs of the two countries for the period 2019-23.
The Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone for the expansion of Amul manufacturing facilities in Anand and Khatraj.
His Majesty and I have discussed ways to transform our energy relations into a strategic direction through specific projects and proposals.
This Bhagirath effort of cleanliness is a wonderful example of beauty, collectivity and continuity.
We noted that President Temer's priority includes reviving the domestic economic agenda in Brazil.
The Prime Minister will dedicate the Western-North Inter-Regional Power Transmission Line to the nation, which was built to ensure
Within hours, the video on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook generated a huge interest among the people.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi welcomed and wished all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
Best wishes for today's match.
The maximum taxpayers of almost all India will benefit greatly from this.
The project of the Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural cooperation between the city of Kyoto and Varanasi, Japan.
We can imagine what the state of mind would be like when the world was destroyed at this young age.
Earlier today, I announced direct flights of Air India from Colombo to Varanasi.
Recently, the beloved poet of our country, Neeraj Ji, left us.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Jagannath visited from time to time and assured the shared commitment to strengthen the
He said that the Co-operative Movement can play a key role in achieving these objectives.
I myself will be a candidate in this election.
The Prime Minister said in a tweet that the Central Government has assured the Bihar Government of all possible assistance to deal with the flood situation
The Prime Minister said that technology is only beneficial when it benefits the common people.
This shows that our young generation still has a passion for our heroes of our ancient heritage and history.
He said that farmers and scientists need to work together to transform agriculture.
We have removed the obstacles and made a significant improvement in the average rate of implementation in these areas.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the Swachh Bharat Mission forward.
The top officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog and the Prime Minister's Office briefed the
Since last month, they have started to speak the word in the regional languages immediately after the completion of My Man Ki Baat.
He said that Swami Vivekananda also raised his voice against social evils.
I urge all of you to join in this celebration of mutual goodwill.
This month, a 20-year-old daughter from Pune, Vedangi Kulkarni, became the fastest Asian woman to cycle around the
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its prior approval to the MoU between India and Singapore for
The Prime Minister will address a public gathering at Dharamshala in Kangra district.
India gained independence because of great men like him.
India is now one of the most preferred countries for investment in this sector.
Praising the Bohra society, the Prime Minister said that it is a privilege for him to be associated with the community.
According to the World Bank and IMF, this growth will continue.
The Prime Minister also unveiled a series of development projects related to the energy, connectivity and health sectors.
We will facilitate the speedy launch of negotiations on the Free Trade Agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
The programme included a collective reading of the beauty wave.
The construction of IIT, IIM, AIIMS is going on fast.
The Prime Minister said that when India was not free, the importance of India's heritage and knowledge heritage like Yoga and Ayur
Our partnership will extend beyond terrorism, organised crime, drugs and human trafficking.
7. The deployment of a Medium Health Provider at the Sub-Center who is trained in primary health care and public
Together, Together, for All Development can be our guiding light for cooperation and action in South Asia.
But we are in a free India.
Our partnership will extend beyond terrorism, organised crime, drugs and human trafficking.
This will result in the expansion of health facilities which will create a large number of jobs.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed his condolences over the deaths in a bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka
He said that the event is being held to honour the women Sarpanches who have made a significant contribution to the Swachh B
May you all benefit from the benefits of yoga.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Jagannath visited from time to time and assured the shared commitment to strengthen the
I pray to God for the well-being of all those injured in the train accident.
Regional multilateralism through institutions such as AIIB can play a significant role in helping to mobilize the necessary resources.
You too can be a great catalyst in boosting tourism in the country by using the time from October to March.
The main objective of this Mission is to promote reading as a means of growth and prosperity.
The Prime Minister said that technology is only beneficial when it benefits the common people.
I congratulate them on their success.
The President and I agree that India offers excellent investment opportunities for entrepreneurs in Cyprus.
On World Toilet Day, we reaffirm our commitment to improving sanitation facilities across our country.
He inaugurated the Luangpokpa multi-sport complex, the Queen Guiding Park and other important development projects.
The Government of India has implemented the PM Kisan Pratapada Yojana.
Today, the Government is using direct benefit transfer for 59 different schemes.
The refusal of the court to enforce the judgment can only be done in accordance with international practices.
He recalled the event held by Bangladesh in New Delhi last year to honour Indian military personnel.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the Agreement between the Government of Ukraine and
A memorandum was sent from the Chief Minister of Mizoram who could not attend the meeting in person.
We are committed to doing what is sustainable and green.
In fact, it was the third largest source of foreign direct investment during the last three years.
This will give our strategic defence a great deal of strength.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi reviewed the progress of the Namami Gange programme on Thursday evening.
The beneficiaries reported how the reduction in the cost of heart stents and knee transplants has changed their lives.
10 days ago, India - Mother lost her brave sons.
On the energy front, we are now the fifth largest generator of renewable energy in the world.
I wish you success in your endeavours.
India will form an alliance or centre in this region with its other partner countries and stakeholders to promote disaster recovery infrastructure.
I look forward to many more brilliant successes.
He noted with great concern the growing threat of terrorism and violent extremism and its universal reach.
We are the fourth largest generator of wind energy and the fifth largest generator of solar energy.
He also encouraged teachers to bring digital change to their schools and their surroundings.
This money will be used to strengthen the facilities like electricity, water, sewerage, sanitation and garden in these 33 cities.
Several Union Ministers took part in the meeting.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today inaugurated the modern super specialty Rasilaben Sewanthilaal Shah Venus As
The Prime Minister said that this bridge will bring about a positive change in the lives of ordinary people.
When works like the Encyclopedia of Hinduism are made available in different languages, our understanding and awareness of other traditions and cultures of
Yoga can prove to be a strong foundation for discipline and development.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the redeveloped Teju Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
In Singapore, I will focus on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in the areas of fintech, skill development, urban planning
Society and family need to pay attention to this.
The results are already visible.
It brings happiness in the family by connecting the person to the family.
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister called water a gift of nature.
At the same time, the people here have a deep understanding of social responsibility and moral conduct.
In terms of number of domestic and international tourists arriving in Kerala, Kochi is in first place.
Indian women have played a leading role in peace-building efforts.
He said that efforts are being made to reflect India's glorious past and dynamic future.
Best wishes to all the countrymen on this holy day.
He urged children to study hard and develop an interest in sports.
Schoolchildren associated with Atal Tinkering Labs shared their inventions with the Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister told the Board members of USISPF that India and the US have benefited greatly from economic cooperation.
The Prime Minister said that every rupee and every resource of the Government of India is dedicated to the welfare of Indians.
2. Support in development of human resources and health services and establishment of health facilities
It has the power to change the climate of the whole country.
The Japanese government and the people there have shown great love for me and my country.
He has served thousands of mothers and sisters in Karnataka, especially in remote areas.
Under this, over 100 million poor and vulnerable families will get insurance coverage of over $7,000 per year.
These mighty heroes, we have sacrificed ourselves to protect the 125 crore Indians.
We are introducing the Goods and Services Tax Act to create an integrated national market.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for exemplary performance in the international arena.
To leave the house for the first time, to leave the village, to leave a protective environment, you have to become your own sar
This includes photography and geotagging.
On our part, we obviously want more Japanese investment.
We look forward to continuing our engagement with our other development partners including AIIB.
The theme of the IEF-16 is "The Future of Global Energy Sequence Jurisdiction".
Most sectors of our economy are now open only to FDI.
Under the comprehensive primary healthcare of Ayushmann Bharat, we will provide prevention and treatment services near people's
I commend all the people and organizations involved in building more and more toilets in different parts of the country.
I look forward to meeting with the politicians and friends of Nepal.
In this regard, they resolved to empower a close development partnership in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner to modernize the
In this event, we won 3 medals in mixed event besides 13 medals.
The Prime Minister said that not only as exploitation of nature's resources, but also as a means of connecting and following nature.
The International Conference of the Saurashtra Patel Cultural Society is taking place in California, USA this year.
The festival of Shatta is associated with the worship of the sun in rivers, ponds.
He says that the role of parents in the exam is very important.
23. The two sides appreciated the efforts to strengthen and institutionalize cooperation between the States of India and the territories of Russia.
Everyone remembers the efforts of the UN, its positive role in establishing peace in the world.
Brothers and sisters, a big decision has been made in this year's budget to bring the farmers fair prices of crops.
He hoped that the Government would soon achieve the goal of 100% rural road connectivity.
He then reviewed an audio-visual presentation of experiences of selected beneficiaries of the Government of India and Rajasthan w
India and Russia recognize the establishment of a multipolar world in international relations under the natural and inevitable process of developing interstate relations in
Because Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslim country, stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism and social harmony.
I hope that they will continue to do exemplary work to prevent plastic pollution.
The Prime Minister will then visit the Wall of Unity and inaugurate it.
This time, the Swaraj Jayeeti of the Press Council of India is also being celebrated.
He said that he himself has visited the North East region more than 25 times in the last four years.
Member States may use the BRICS Labour Research Institutions and the Social Security Cooperation Framework to cooperate on social security and other wor
BIMSTEC is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
Last November, India hosted the first South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
45. Together, we will build an India where young people and women have ample opportunities to fulfill their dreams.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Noida on the occasion.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Archaeological Survey of India has done important work in the last 150 years.
He said that a powerful America would be beneficial to the whole world.
Under that scheme, our fishermen brothers and sisters will get loans, grants, subsidies from the government.
Shri Jo Yew La Drow briefed Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi on the current state of bilateral defence cooperation.
The Agreement will remain in force for a period of 5 years.
Ayushmann Bharat Yojana will provide a wide range of investment opportunities in health related infrastructure, medical equipment manufacturing and health services
Five new Metro Rail projects have been approved to build a 140 km metro line.
One of the characteristics of the examination was that there was an open discussion on various topics related to the examination.
I congratulate the millions of people, especially the poor who have benefited from this initiative.
He had thrown a triangle in Khardong-la, Ladakh on August 15, 2017.
The Prime Minister said he wanted to warn the nation that some elements are trying to put unnecessary pressure on the judiciary
He said that the officials present at this conference today have provided the right leadership despite working in an environment of negativity.
The goal of Bharat Net is to make Internet connectivity accessible to the end of the country.
The establishment of a bench on the Pika Uprising at Utkal University Bhubaneswar was announced.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do everything in its power to help the states affected by cyclone storms.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
No civilized society can tolerate any kind of injustice against the female power of the country.
The situation in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu regarding the distribution of Kaveri water is very sad.
We are now in the information age.
As of August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
Under this scheme, more than 10 crore households will be provided health insurance of Rs 5 lakh per family per year.
Today, the MUDRA Yojana, Start Up India, Stand Up India initiatives are giving birth to our young innovators, young entreprene
But knowledge is still our best guide.
India is one of the most investor - friendly economies in the world.
Despite the rise in crude oil prices, the inflation rate remains within the fixed range.
In this regard, they resolved to empower a close development partnership in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner to modernize the
Private companies are also connecting in large numbers through the portal.
He said entrepreneurship and innovation should be guiding principles in the 21st century.
He said that hygiene is a simple measure for preventive healthcare.
He also dedicated the first phase of the Madhepura Electric Locomotive Plant to the nation.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister said that our effort is to initiate development work while preserving the environment and local culture.
When Shastriji is mentioned, we Indians have a tremendous reverence for him.
He stressed that we too should act in accordance with the expectations of our guardian Constitution.
First, in all areas of development, we must embrace the principles of disaster mitigation management.
This work gives a new confidence.
His singing will continue to attract people to Sufi music.
The Prime Minister said he was told that in the 13th century, the Indian Sufi saint Baba Farid came to Jerusalem and had pray
The mapping of disasters is necessary for example for earthquakes we need to have broadly accepted standards and norms.
He appealed to the States to take steps in this direction.
I will also visit religious sites that have cultural links with India.
The Prime Minister said that the policies and decisions of the Union Government are aimed at increasing the income of farmers.
To further this mission, the Government is bringing some new schemes for the country's 1.25 crore citizens on New Year's
Addressing the crowd, the Prime Minister said that such progress fairs pave the way for New India.
The Prime Minister asked the officials to set clear targets to improve the tax administration of the country by the 75th anniversary of independence
I had two memorable meetings recently.
The game was played in almost every state.
India has shown tremendous resilience in a time of uncertainty in the global economy.
I have said before that your hardware and our software will be a great match.
He said that Operation Greens announced in the recent budget would be beneficial for farmers in growing fruits and vegetables, especially tomatoes
33. The two sides expressed interest in developing mutually beneficial cooperation in the area of joint scientific research, including in the Arctic and other regions
The programme included a collective reading of the beauty wave.
At this Town Hall event, I had the opportunity to talk through technology, with millions of students from across the country and abroad, with
In this context, the Prime Minister drew attention to the International Solar Alliance and said that India and France are working together towards it.
During the conversation, female crew members gave a presentation based on experience during the various dimensions of the mission such as preparation, training and
A teacher asked the Prime Minister what the teachers should say to parents who are stressed about their children's exams and sit on un
Friends, It is also a pleasure to come forward as an ally of the United Nations in this whole process.
Even on Makar Sankranti, millions of people immerse themselves in holy rivers.
The Prime Minister will observe an exhibition on Technology and Rural Life.
My dear countrymen, after the Diwali holidays, with new resolve, with new determination, you will all
The Prime Minister said that special attention is being paid to the skill development of rural youth through DinDiyal Antyoday.
He has successfully passed his first attempt in Jodhpur AIIMS MBBS exam.
This is change.
Numerous conferences and seminars have been held on various topics.
Since the council was formed 50 years ago, the industry has progressed rapidly in India.
I had also thanked all the parties that day.
In this context, he said that all government approvals including Construction Permits are being issued faster than before.
The refusal of the court to enforce the judgment can only be done in accordance with international practices.
The Prime Minister said, I am very happy to be present at the closing ceremony of Narmada Saviya Yatra held in
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting.
We know how the fruits of progress and prosperity are distributed among the common man.
Who doesn 't know the sense of adventure.
His visit is important for both countries as we mark a decade of our strategic partnership.
Rather, it should strive to achieve the real goal of bringing about social and economic change.
Discussing the importance of water conservation, he said that the people of Kutch understand this very well.
The Indian side expressed its intention to increase imports of fertilizers from Russia.
Lokmanya Tilak was full of courage and confidence.
We are granting loans of up to Rs. 1 crore in 59 minutes.
He taught people the importance of hygiene and service through his works.
He emphasized the importance of positive news for a vibrant and happy country.
You are the leader of a great nation.
This railway line will prove to be the gateway to Tripura for South and South East Asia.
We stand with Portugal in this hour of sorrow.
Indian soldiers showed the world that they are not behind anyone when it comes to war.
In our society, teachers are highly respected.
It is the largest underground storage facility in the country.
As part of this, the Government has started training one lakh Raj Mistry.
This has given us the opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
The Prime Minister said that about 12 crore farmers are likely to benefit from the PM-Kisan scheme.
It will also increase mutual trust and trade.
My condolences and those of every Indian are with their families in this hour of grief.
We have fought hard against terrorism and extremism in our respective countries.
The Prime Minister said that a number of schemes have been implemented to provide social security to unorganized sector workers during old age such
Whether it is grandparents or grandparents, parents, sons and daughters, all three generations can do yoga together
The Prime Minister said that Raani Lakshmibai is an inspiration to every Indian.
Under PMGSY, 88 per cent of residential areas are now connected to rural roads.
The Prime Minister welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC family ahead of the summit.
The Prime Minister asked the officials to set clear targets to improve the tax administration of the country by the 75th anniversary of independence
He called for all issues related to Iran's nuclear program to be resolved peacefully and through dialogue.
The female beneficiaries shared how self-help groups have brought about positive change in their lives.
He said the implementation of GST shows that India is not only capable of making big decisions but also has the ability to implement them quickly.
Interest subsidy on loan amount up to Rs. 2 lakh will be provided to the beneficiary borrowing under this scheme.
He expressed confidence that Gujarat and the people of Gujarat will emerge strong and successfully from the flood challenge.
As a society, as a country, 30 January, at 11 am, 2 minutes of tribute, this should be natural.
The Prime Minister said that the tourism sector has immense potential and the world is eager to come to India.
He worked better for Delhi's progress, especially to ensure better infrastructure.
The award is given by the Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) affiliated to the United Nations.
The scope of the MoU is the following areas of cooperation:-
He said that our goal has been to double the income of farmers and simplify the lives of farmers.
But let us not forget that it is not just government, money, planning, power that gets everything done.
Despite all the obstacles, Rajni did not give up and continued to learn boxing.
Once the project is started, Customs Administration of both countries will commit to further it.
President Xi and I will exchange views on many issues of bilateral and global importance.
The two sides emphasized the importance of continuing multilateral dialogue on this topic within the framework of the East Asia Summits and other
Good news of rain is coming in many places these days.
This will not only improve our refining and processing capacity but also allow for timely and efficient completion of the project.
From here, a panoramic view of Sardar Sarovar Dam, its reservoir and Satpura and Vindiya mountain rang
You are right.
Earlier, he expressed his condolences over the loss of life caused by the forest fires in Portugal.
I am saddened by the passing of George Sahab.
He told the officials that it is important to develop close relationships with people to be successful in tasks and objectives.
The expectations of the country at this time, the feeling of achievement, are also natural.
The Prime Minister will address the audience, which will include farmers, scientists, entrepreneurs, students, government officials and public representatives.
We are very pleased to have this opportunity to increase our engagement with the Bank and its members.
It is a great pleasure to be among the manufacturers and global leaders of the food processing sector.
You will be pleased to know that this award for best policy making in this sector is similar to the Oscar in that field.
These experiences will enrich your life.
But let us not forget that it is not just government, money, planning, power that gets everything done.
Write a few stories about the people there, not just the buildings, not just the natural beauty.
We have a mutual desire for a strong strategic partnership.
Interest subsidy on loan amount up to Rs. 2 lakh will be provided to the beneficiary borrowing under this scheme.
The leaders discussed regional and global issues.
Now is the time to discuss it, to find a way.
The establishment of a bench on the Pika Uprising at Utkal University Bhubaneswar was announced.
Congratulations to all soldiers, veterans and their families on Army Day.
When you read it, you will learn how today our youths are trying to change the lives of ordinary people by using technology smartly and
Even the micro-plastics are now entering our basic foodstuffs like salt, bottled water and tap water.
This is especially essential to ensure freedom, peace and justice for the exploited, the suffering and the disadvantaged.
I hope that your stay in India will be a memorable one for Prime Minister Netanyahu, Mrs. Netanyahu and the delegation.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate a section of the new Mezzanta line of Delhi Metro on December 25.
He also discussed his own efforts to contribute to regional and global economic growth.
The girls here today are sewing from ordinary to fine clothes besides their own and their family clothes.
The Prime Minister interacted with the people in Kawarathi and Kanyakumari.
It will be the world's largest government funded health programme.
Space technology will connect with the lives of our people in this region.
Another important aspect of this project is that about a thousand women and 23 transgender people are being selected to work in the Kochi Metro Rail
This time, celebrating Diwali with security forces in Guresh sector of Jammu and Kashmir has been unforgettable
India and Cyprus have close economic relations.
Addressing the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the public assembly for celebrating Dhanvantari Jayanti as Ay
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for the signing of an Agreement on Mutu
In Port Blair, the Prime Minister paid tribute to the martyrs and visited the Seljular Jail.
India has over 300 million middle class consumers.
It has the power to change the climate of the whole country.
He said that this also indicates the priorities of the rewarding government.
Our concerns and prayers are with the victims and their families.
During the last three years, my Government has paid special attention to the development of the overall infrastructure of the country.
Everyone says that, but do we have any responsibility?
But when we talk about Ganesh festival, it is very natural to remember Lokmanya Tilak Ji.
His strong innings in the semifinal will always be remembered.
He will witness the e-House entry of 240 beneficiary families.
Over the last three years, we have made tireless efforts to ensure ease of doing business.
The whole world celebrates it as World Yoga Day.
Historically, temples have played a vital role in our society.
We are granting loans of up to Rs. 1 crore in 59 minutes.
One of the main reasons for these diseases at a young age is the lack of physical activity in our lifestyle and changes in our eating pattern
He also informed that the Fair and Cash Value (FRP) of sugarcane for the Chinese season 2018-19 will also be announced.
India is the third largest economy in terms of purchasing power parity (PPP).
The Prime Minister stressed the need for an institutional system that provides excellence in sporting leaps.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the people of Jharkhand on the occasion of the State's
He said that this encouragement will bring about a positive change and create a sense of responsibility.
Describing it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated the PM-SYM Scheme to 42 crore unorganized
In this way, the national assets will be best used in the national interest.
He also issued a commemorative postage stamp on the occasion.
Discussing the self-help groups, the Prime Minister said that self-help groups play an important role in economic and social
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
Similarly, prior notification of cyclone has been made.
Let us move forward with this mantra.
He said that the Tara Kot route would provide an alternative route to the Mother Vaishno Devi Shrine, which would facilitate pilgr
The Prime Minister mentioned in particular Meghalaya which received the award for its achievements in agriculture during the review period.
The Prime Minister said that a quarter of the world's 500 largest companies are in the public sector of a country.
He had seen an important place for youth in the field of nation building.
The Prime Minister will also unveil a plaque to mark the opening of a public housing project of 624 housing units.
17. The two sides welcomed the signing of the MoU between the National Corporation of Small Industries of India and the Russian Small and
Congratulations to my daughter Shivangi.
The Prime Minister recalled his visit to Malaysia in May 2018.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister praised the event as an example of Indian traditions.
In fact, we have now entered a period that many have called the Asian century.
The Prime Minister mentioned his progress initiatives for project monitoring.
There is a huge need for roads, railways and waterways.
Sadly, for a very long time we have referred to the events of 1857 as simply the rebellion or the soldier rebellion
After the review meeting, the Prime Minister announced financial assistance of Rs 500 crore for the state.
He said that implementing it is a complex task which could be the subject of study for the future.
In the same period, 11,641 additional settlements have been connected to the roads.
He also recalled the contribution of Indian community members to the independence movement of Kenya.
The UAE can benefit from joining the development of our manufacturing and service sector.
The Administrative Council reviews the work done during the past year and discusses future development priorities.
The Prime Minister said today that the life of a player in the present time extends for several decades.
To create world class universities in the field of education, we have taken a big step to break the bonds.
He said that the Co-operative Movement can play a key role in achieving these objectives.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights Policy.
He expressed confidence that through scientific thinking, technological innovation and R&D, students will play an active role in transforming agriculture into
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the Swachh Bharat Mission forward.
The law had been hanging for many years.
I experienced his great hospitality at the BRICS Summit in South Africa last year.
This is an area where India needs to improve to remain competitive.
Who doesn 't know the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971?
We exchanged views on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Foreign Minister to India.
The basic values of India are embedded in our civilized heritage.
India remembers its brave soldiers who fought in World War I.
Jan Dhan Yojana has connected crores of people to the backing work system.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia spoke of mass awareness for our farmers to ensure better incomes, better irrigation facilities
For a healthy and happy humanity, it is our responsibility to further develop understanding of yoga.
The Prime Minister said, "Welcome and wishes to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
His courage and his constant opposition to imperialism under unusual circumstances can never be forgotten.
Just two days ago, I wrote a letter to all the governments and leaders of the world on Yoga Day.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on land border crossing.
Enterprises want assurance of the breadth of the law in the Indian market.
As developing countries, our challenges are the same.
He said that a new culture through the use of technology to benefit farmers is also needed in the agricultural sector.
Dr. Abdul Momen informed the Prime Minister of recent progress in bilateral relations between India and Bangladesh.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the reforms made in India in recent times.
India can proudly say that not only male strength but also female strength is making such a contribution to the Armed Forces of India.
He emphasized the importance of positive news for a vibrant and happy country.
The two leaders also agreed that given the extensive development experience and national capabilities of both countries, India and China as two important countries and
2. Support in development of human resources and health services and establishment of health facilities
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it is really important that the most senior and junior officials have long-term interaction
The Prime Minister said that every rupee and every resource of the Government of India is dedicated to the welfare of Indians.
In addition to the discussions with President Moon during my visit, I will meet business leaders, members of the Indian community as well as distingu
I will attend events held in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Modasa and Gandhinagar.
As the campaign is launched, people are invited to send letters and messages to the Armed Forces.
As it was two and a half thousand years ago, the message of Lord Buddha is still relevant in the 21st century.
In terms of operational efficiency and high value added, any investor is also attracted by the vast domestic market, the availability of
The Prime Minister said that the visit of Prime Minister Theresa May to India in November 2016 has provided the necessary framework for guiding India-UK
Today the whole country is celebrating the festival of Independence as well as the festival of birth.
His father is a labourer while his mother works as a fish salesman.
He said that the water for each farm has been envisaged in the Pradhan Mantri Agri Sikhya Yojana.
I have asked the Ministry of Defence to accelerate relief and rescue operations in the state.
It has taken its wings from our democratic traditions which emphasize both wealth and value creation, reinforcing the spirit of
The Indian community in Portugal has played a vital role in deepening our bilateral relations.
Congratulations to my daughter Shivangi.
Cyprus is the eighth largest investor in India.
Now it is the festival of Eid.
Kerala was also the first state to achieve 100% primary education.
We need to make full use of these capabilities.
I once again salute Shri Guru Gobind Singh Ji.
The Prime Minister discussed the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by leftist extremists in 2016-1
In view of the importance of bilateral cooperation in the development of the pharma industry and biopharma industry in the two countries and in the
You will be pleased to know that this award for best policy making in this sector is similar to the Oscar in that field.
The Prime Minister said that India can achieve a lot in the game of football.
The whole world celebrates it as World Yoga Day.
In many parts of the country, the weather has been tempered by heavy rain.
Team members presented a bat, a ball and a team jersey with the Prime Minister's name signed to the Prime Minister.
A Thai naval officer also lost his life in the entire operation.
Our efforts to facilitate business have improved India's ranking.
Our trees and forests have increased by one per cent in the last two years.
When Savarkar was born, I read a book and it inspired me to see the cellular prison.
The progress of 41 programmes and schemes of 20 Ministries so far has been shown on this portal.
I pray for the speedy recovery of the wounded.
It will facilitate effective institutional dialogue between India and Thailand.
Our discussions covered all issues related to bilateral relations.
This is the Prime Minister's third official visit to Kollam.
She rode about 300 kilometers a day for 159 days.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
From lists of causes to case law, the lawyer's library is now one click away from your mobile.
Working together, we want to take our mutual relations as a future-oriented partnership for people, prosperity and peace.
Addressing the audience, the Prime Minister called the conference a new beginning for the public sector.
The freedom struggle is more connected to our spirit.
My condolences to the people who lost their loved ones in the loss of life due to the derailment of the Jagdalpur-
This is the seventh in a series of interactions of the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
This is changing the supply perspective;
I once again salute Shri Guru Gobind Singh Ji.
Therefore, it is an honour to welcome a dear friend and a strong supporter of India.
The Prime Minister will press the button to lay the foundation stone of the roads being constructed under the Central Road Fund (CRF
It brings happiness in the family by connecting the person to the family.
I want to share with all of you the very positive results of this.
This number is expected to double in the next 10 years.
Women are empowered, and now they are also armed.
He will address the assembly.
Prayer, spirituality and charity are given great importance in Ramadan.
I am happy to announce that the State Government has declared June 19 as Reading Day.
Do your best today.
We will work shoulder to shoulder with the countries of the region to deal with disasters.
Seven countries in the Asia Pacific region are among the top 10 countries in terms of deaths due to disaster.
Every year, an average of Rs. 32,000 crore has been spent on water conservation and water management, apart from the ManR
We have abolished the FDI Promotion Board.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of 9 infrastructure projects in the rail, road, petroleum and energy sectors.
These are our values too.
We salute the courage of the Indian Army and its invaluable services.
We have developed an ambitious roadmap to make our comprehensive strategic partnership objective and action-oriented.
He said India is currently ranked third in the power ranking in the World Travel and Tourism Council 2018 report.
The two leaders shared their views on their respective approaches to foreign policy to achieve global prosperity and security.
Russia has provided its support for India's membership in the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
I am happy to announce that the State Government has declared June 19 as Reading Day.
Stable, expected and transparent laws are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
He will also see the performance of various activities such as beneficiary identification, e-card creation etc.
Arbitration proceedings will now be speeded up as the Arbitration Act has been amended.
India has been home to many sages who have served and improved society.
He also explained in detail how the whole of government schemes and initiatives are aimed at empowering the poor to fight poverty.
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew members on the success of the mission.
The Prime Minister will first unveil the new Bhabhatron Precision Technology (Multi Leaf Collimator).
India will emerge as a global leader on the basis of state-of-the-art technology and skilled human resources.
In this way, he brought our beloved triangle closer to the common man.
Uttarakhand has been a major centre of yoga for decades.
This feeling of attachment to the country and love for the countrymen was rooted in the rags of this small-siz
The Prime Minister said congratulations and best wishes to CISF personnel on the foundation day of the Central Industrial Security Force.
Major international financial institutions such as the World Bank and International Monetary Fund (IMF) as well as several well-known agencies such as
He changed not only his own fortunes but also those of his region through organized efforts.
Because Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslim country, stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism and social harmony.
He also prayed at the Sri Padmanab Swami Temple.
I salute Guru Ravidas Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayanti.
The Prime Minister appreciated how with confidence and resilience poor women have fought against all the odds.
Within hours, the video on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook generated a huge interest among the people.
This year has been a year of hard work and now is the time to tell that this festival should be of such enthusiasm.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the love he received in Kutch was unique.
For a healthy and happy humanity, it is our responsibility to further develop understanding of yoga.
He told the students that they should think about innovative solutions to the problems facing the people.
It worked to unite people by awakening national consciousness.
But when we talk about Ganesh festival, it is very natural to remember Lokmanya Tilak Ji.
Over the last three years, we have made tireless efforts to ensure ease of doing business.
We are also partners in South Africa's skills development efforts.
According to the World Bank and IMF, this growth will continue.
Security and Defence Cooperation has given an emerging new dimension to our relations.
Indian youth have achieved excellence in this field through their state of the art and leak-out thinking.
He said that this would eliminate intermediaries and save the government.
Brothers and sisters, irrigation projects are moving forward.
He said that the Union Government has approved 100 per cent FDI in the healthcare system.
It will also increase mutual trust and trade.
Today, the President and I have had extensive discussions.
For centuries, our ancestors have lived and demonstrated this.
Both countries share a vibrant and growing relationship between people.
The potential for rapid growth places a huge responsibility on India's energy sector.
Look at how many times I've used the best, most brilliant words of all time in the last few minutes.
This can only happen when long term investments in business are made which create employment opportunities and sustainable economic growth.
The Government and people of India stand with you in your journey towards peace and prosperity.
14. Other areas of cooperation as per mutual decision.
He said people should get knowledge about local history and archaeology of their cities and regions.
The Prime Minister also visited the museum and the exhibition and the viewing gallery.
The award is given by the Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) affiliated to the United Nations.
He mentioned several initiatives including GST implementation, natural resource auction, improvement of insurance and banking sector and skill development.
From the map of the world, it is clear that India and South Africa are both in very important places in the Indian Ocean.
He mentioned several initiatives including GST implementation, natural resource auction, improvement of insurance and banking sector and skill development.
He also said that several announcements have been made in the Budget to achieve this objective.
Now electricity has reached every village in our country.
Strategic partnership
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that banking services through India Post Payments Bank will reach the most remote places and people
He appreciated the security equipment being used in the security of the country.
His slogan for Jayjan Jay Kisan is the identity of this great personality.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and personal support.
This money will be used to strengthen the facilities like electricity, water, sewerage, sanitation and garden in these 33 cities.
As of August 2017, Indian personnel have served in about 50 of the 71 UN peacekeeping operations worldwide.
The Prime Minister will join thousands of volunteers in the Yoga Asana Practice on the grounds of Forest Research Institute, Deh
India can proudly say that not only male strength but also female strength is making such a contribution to the Armed Forces of India.
Plastic is now becoming the greatest threat to humanity.
The Prime Minister appreciated the efforts of the State Government, all other agencies to deal with the flood situation so far.
The people of Meghalaya have made a significant contribution to our country.
It is a great pleasure to be among the manufacturers and global leaders of the food processing sector.
If we talk about the three years of this government, more than 22 thousand MW of renewable energy capacity has been connected to the grid
In his message, he said that I would like to honour Loknaik Jay Prakash Narayan on his birthday.
As of August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
The Prime Minister further said that sufficient capital, courage and people are essential for the success of startups.
The establishment of this Joint Working Group will help to resolve the issue related to the terrorist attack.
Today the whole country is celebrating the festival of Independence as well as the festival of birth.
This is the seventh in a series of interactions of the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
Under this scheme, more than 10 crore households will be provided health insurance of Rs 5 lakh per family per year.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Babu Jagjjivan on his birthday.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (
Even our ancient texts emphasize the importance of personal hygiene.
He told the students that they should think about innovative solutions to the problems facing the people.
The Prime Minister said that special attention is being paid to the skill development of rural youth through DinDiyal Antyoday.
In August 2016, a strict rule was introduced to curb anonymous transactions.
In terms of planning and implementation, if we fail to manage this progress, the human and economic losses from disaster will be greater than
The Government has also asked banks to increase the cash credit limit for small industries from 20 to 25 per cent.
He said that Kashi is now emerging as a health hub.
Now, in some parts of the world, the Rathya Yatra of Lord Jagannath is celebrated.
197 million bank accounts were opened in one year.
On 31st May, I will visit the India-Singapore Enterprise and Innovation Exhibition.
We have set a target to ensure 175 GW of renewable energy capacity growth by 2022.
Yoga guarantees both fitness and wellness.
Referring to the Atal Incubation Centre, he said that startups have now started to join it.
Member States may use the BRICS Labour Research Institutions and the Social Security Cooperation Framework to cooperate on social security and other wor
We wish for peace and prosperity for all.
In a few days we will celebrate the first International Tsunami Awareness Day.
We are introducing the Goods and Services Tax Act to create an integrated national market.
The Prime Minister said that defence relations are an important pillar between India and Japan.
You will be pleased to know that the productivity of Lok Sabha was 118% and Rajya Sabha was 74%.
The Prime Minister said that the work of building the toilets was done like a mission.
But the rain is waiting.
Describing it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated the PM-SYM Scheme to 42 crore unorganized
This has benefited millions of artisans and workers.
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for peace with all.
The Act East policy of my Government places this sector at the centre of cooperation.
In fact, my personal attachment to the leadership, government, industry and people of Japan is almost a decade old.
His goal is to reach 300 million disadvantaged people by 2022.
I begin my speech by congratulating NITI Aayog for hosting this global conference.
We will facilitate the speedy launch of negotiations on the Free Trade Agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
I wish the injured to recover quickly.
According to Bank of International Settlements, India is less affected by the banking crisis among the major economies.
The Prime Minister explained how the Centre has been focusing on enhancing ease of doing business and ensuring ease of living for the
He said that the Central and State Governments would be keen to make sports popular.
More than 40 countries have also sent their official delegations.
The Bharatiya side welcomed the decision to open the office of the Far Eastern Agency in Mumbai.
Your generation has also faced constant difficulties.
Investing in sustainable infrastructure by AIIB can lead to positive change in the lives of billions of people.
After unveiling the opening plate, the Prime Minister walked to the bridge for a few minutes.
India and Russia have committed to cooperate with each other to achieve these goals.
There are opportunities that are waiting to be used.
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for peace with all.
The Prime Minister also stressed the importance of farmer productive organisations.
It is hoped that through #Sandesh2Soldiers campaign, dialogue between the people and the armed forces will be
May God give them the courage and strength to endure this irreparable loss.
He was appointed as a permanent judge of the Guwahati High Court on February 28, 2001.
I am confident that World Food India will help us take some concrete steps in this direction.
But when I look at the impact of M. K. Bhatt, I am convinced that M. K. Bhatt
He started his practice in constitutional, taxation and corporate matters at Guwahati High Court.
From the map of the world, it is clear that India and South Africa are both in very important places in the Indian Ocean.
He outlined the benefits of the Swachh Bharat Mission in the health and tourism sector.
Dr. Abdul Kalam has been working to realize the dream of a developed India for his entire life.
I am particularly pleased to welcome His Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, the Hono
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the newly built Madan Mohan Malviya Cancer Centre at Banaras Hindu University.
Therefore, Make-in-India is stronger than ever for India and for the world supply.
In his message, the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, said, "Congratulations on World Environment Day.
17. All States have a problem of widespread vaccination.
The Prime Minister mentioned the great technological progress made by Israel and its long tradition of bravery and martyrdom.
Last month, our space scientists set a unique record.
This is the true spirit of women empowerment across the country.
We need to change this thinking.
He said we must move towards transparent and resilient markets for both oil and gas.
More than 33 lakh women farmers have been trained through the Women Farmers Empowerment Project.
In such a situation, the eyes of the world have been fixed on India and Yoga for a sustainable solution to these problems.
The two underlined the importance of pluralism, democracy and the rule of law as values for achieving peaceful coexistence.
The Prime Minister said that today, Jan-Dhan Yojana has completed three years.
Through spices, our trade cooperation with Europe and Southeast Asia is known worldwide.
This is another area that can become a link to further connecting our societies.
This can only happen when long term investments in business are made which create employment opportunities and sustainable economic growth.
And last year was also the silver jubilee of our diplomatic relations.
The Prime Minister discussed the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
The next step in this movement should be to transform waste into a valuable source.
Today I will also have the opportunity to meet people of Indian origin living in the Netherlands.
He inaugurated the Luangpokpa multi-sport complex, the Queen Guiding Park and other important development projects.
One hundred and fifty five crore Indians are waiting to welcome the leaders of ASEAN countries as our key guests to India's
The Prime Minister said that he has fulfilled his promise of a one rank one pension for ex-servicemen and he is happy to
The Prime Minister further said that sufficient capital, courage and people are essential for the success of startups.
The Prime Minister said that our effort is to initiate development work while preserving the environment and local culture.
He reiterated the key role of the United Nations, including the High-level Political Forum on Sustainable Development for review, in
He said that dynamic change is needed to bring about change in the system.
I want to see a library movement like this across the country.
He said that this also indicates the priorities of the rewarding government.
From here, a panoramic view of Sardar Sarovar Dam, its reservoir and Satpura and Vindiya mountain rang
It is said that the inspiration was Sister Nivedita.
Over the past few years I have visited Japan many times.
The kind of affection, devotion and sorrow that poured out across the country for Atal Ji reflects his vast personality
This is another area that can become a link to further connecting our societies.
He said the statue will provide immense tourism opportunities.
This year, World Environment Day aims to address a very important challenge.
The Prime Minister said that his Government is committed to completing all projects in a timely manner.
The purpose of this recognition is to ensure that doctors of the Central Health Service (CHS) and other Ministries/Depart
He started his practice in constitutional, taxation and corporate matters at Guwahati High Court.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished all citizens on National Voter Day.
We are a young nation.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi attended the event organised by the Press Council of India on the occasion of National Press Day today.
In this context, the Prime Minister drew attention to the International Solar Alliance and said that India and France are working together towards it.
Five of the most affected countries after the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami have enacted new laws on disaster risk mitigation management.
Responding to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India's timeless values for nature protection and conservation
When you read it, you will learn how today our youths are trying to change the lives of ordinary people by using technology smartly and
I want to see a library movement like this across the country.
5. The two countries called on all countries to reduce global tensions and promote the ideals of tolerance, cooperation, transparency and open
It is also a welcome opportunity to hold joint talks with the India-Indonesia Executive Officers (CEO).
10 days ago, India - Mother lost her brave sons.
1. non-communicable diseases including childhood heart disease and cancer;
Shri Modi said that Shri Vajpayee is among the finest speakers of his country so far.
The first 80 to 90 big traders had access to raw diamonds in the world through Belgium, Africa and Israel.
Various economic reform agendas of India including GST were appreciated.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will attend the Annual Conference of Director General of Police at BSF Academy, Tekanpur,
Together, Together, for All Development can be our guiding light for cooperation and action in South Asia.
A memorandum was sent from the Chief Minister of Mizoram who could not attend the meeting in person.
GST will further accelerate efficiency in long-distance transport by removing physical barriers at the state borders.
These are some examples of reform.
I have always found meeting you very useful.
Former President of India, Shri Abdul Kalam Ji, when speaking to young people, always spoke of Nanaji Deshmukh
Sometimes it seems that we cannot see the exam in the proper perspective.
The Prime Minister said that India regards Israel as an important partner in our path to sustained high growth and inclusive development.
The Prime Minister said that initiatives like the Prime Minister's Safer Matrivat Vyapavan and Mission Indra Dhanush
Referring to the achievements in the field of cleanliness, the Prime Minister said that since 2014 the scope of cleanlin
On this occasion, I thank all officers and personnel of the Coast Guard for their service to the nation.
Everyone remembers the efforts of the UN, its positive role in establishing peace in the world.
I was saying that this is the 21st century of Asia.
You have seen how the attack took place within 100 hours.
He inaugurated the Luangpokpa multi-sport complex, the Queen Guiding Park and other important development projects.
The army has taken a pledge to completely destroy the terrorists and their allies.
Under the skilled leadership of President Hassan Rouhani, Iran will continue to reach new heights of achievement.
He will also address the ex-servicemen on the occasion.
It is a joy to me that I, along with my partner and friend, President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan, have had the opportunity
He praised the officials who have helped in this change.
A law was passed in 2015 to disclose amounts in foreign bank accounts.
 The cow is considered the mother in our society.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the ideas of Mahatma Gandhi have the power to solve the challenges of today in the world.
May God give them the courage and strength to endure this irreparable loss.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India will be able to benefit from the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
The energy intensity of the economy will change with a focus on green energy and energy efficiency.
The two sides agreed to strengthen cultural and humanitarian ties under the SCO.
India's defence preparations are guided by these ideas.
You celebrate Indian festivals in your own way.
Good luck to you.
Bilateral cooperation in the field of food processing between India and Japan will benefit the food processing sector of both countries.
The Prime Minister said that the group gathered here today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
Most sectors of our economy are now open only to FDI.
New AIIMSs are being opened in different states to provide better treatment and health facilities to people across the country.
Shape our partnership and reconciliation in a way that ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and all people of
Armed Forces across the world know the importance of supply chains.
The government's thinking will also be discussed and I think very good debate will also be held in the session.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of pipeline and road projects.
Recalling Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that at Netaji's call, many young people
It will facilitate effective institutional dialogue between India and Thailand.
He urged children to study hard and develop an interest in sports.
In terms of number of domestic and international tourists arriving in Kerala, Kochi is in first place.
Addressing a large and enthusiastic crowd, the Prime Minister said that today he is experiencing himself how Rajasthan wel
The 10 questions of the survey are as follows:
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Energy Group.
Indian youth have achieved excellence in this field through their state of the art and leak-out thinking.
He said that Shri Vajpayee was a great person who was loved and respected by all sections of society.
In response to a question from a team working for the creation of rural digital entrepreneurship, the Prime Minister said that it is important to
The project is also an example of environmentally friendly development.
The capacity of the National Consumer Helpline has been increased fourfold.
I would like to thank and congratulate those of you who are already in India.
Swachh Bharat Mission is an initiative in this direction.
This month, a 20-year-old daughter from Pune, Vedangi Kulkarni, became the fastest Asian woman to cycle around the
The earth is our mother and we are her children.
India's economic growth rate in the fourth quarter of FY 2017-18 was 7.7 per cent.
They want political stability and an auxiliary regulatory system to ensure the protection of their investments.
He will attend the ceremonies to mark one year of the State Government.
This is the first time since Independence that such a scheme has been launched.
Major international financial institutions such as the World Bank and International Monetary Fund (IMF) as well as several well-known agencies such as
Today, Team India players are inspiring the new generation of hockey with their hard work and dedication.
The Prime Minister has appreciated the efforts being made by the State Government to deal with this unprecedented crisis.
Team members presented a bat, a ball and a team jersey with the Prime Minister's name signed to the Prime Minister.
The result of 100% urea lime coating has also been shown to increase productivity and reduce the cost of fertilizer.
On World Toilet Day, we reaffirm our commitment to improving sanitation facilities across our country.
In Dwarka, he will lay the foundation stone of a bridge and other road projects between Okha and Beit Dwarka.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, outlined the benefits of PM-SYM scheme.
The Prime Minister called on these students to take concrete action in this direction to realize their vision.
Now, some other important decisions have been taken in the interest of the farmer brothers.
The Prime Minister said that the Constitution has been a guardian for us.
The Prime Minister recalled the role played by Indian troops in the liberation of Haifa during the First World War.
It has taken its wings from our democratic traditions which emphasize both wealth and value creation, reinforcing the spirit of
The establishment of this Joint Working Group will help to resolve the issue related to the terrorist attack.
He said that this award is being given at a time when the country is celebrating the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi
The UAE is one of our most valuable partners and close friends in a significant part of the world.
Referring to the integrity of the Bukhara community in business, the Prime Minister said that the Government encourages honest traders and
The Prime Minister also mentioned the benefits that have been made possible in this state by various schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mud
The Japanese have led the world in sustainable development.
More than 90 per cent of approvals are obtained through routes.
Five of the most affected countries after the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami have enacted new laws on disaster risk mitigation management.
Countries that leave behind their heritage lose their identity.
Last month, our space scientists set a unique record.
The scope of the MoU is the following areas of cooperation:-
He said that over the last 3 years, more than 65 Ayush hospitals have been developed.
When all parties work together for the national interest, decisions are also good, decisions are made quickly, and results are also good.
197 million bank accounts were opened in one year.
Stressing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said that playing with future generations would be an unethical and criminal act
In such a positive atmosphere, amidst a series of positive events, we are celebrating freedom today.
Foreign investment in the sector is invited.
Today, along with the work of human rights at the national level, 26 State Human Rights Commissions have been constituted.
There was a time in the past when some Indian products gained global reputation.
The Prime Minister said that the Government's campaign against black money is a bold and decisive step.
Later, the Prime Minister inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
He also issued a commemorative postage stamp on the occasion.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took over the reins of the Indian government in a formula.
The Indian side expressed its intention to increase imports of fertilizers from Russia.
Over time, the popularity of these events grew.
Health and Fitness Centres are an important component of Ayushman Bharat Yojana to ensure overall health.
Ayushmann Bharat Yojana will provide a wide range of investment opportunities in health related infrastructure, medical equipment manufacturing and health services
Look, the change will come as soon as you see it.
He also said that the Central Government makes decisions not for political gain but in the national interest.
The interest rate on these will also be lower as the cost of the guarantee is borne by the Central Government.
In view of the importance of bilateral cooperation in the development of the pharma industry and biopharma industry in the two countries and in the
At a public meeting held in Ujjare, the Prime Minister distributed Rupees cards to account holders under the Pradhan Mant
 A high-speed rail project is being built along with a training institute.
I would like to congratulate the school people of Chandrampur, these my younger friends, very much from the heart.
So many new people have been trained - to vote.
Our goal is to provide every poor and homeless family with access to toilets, water and electricity by 2022.
The Prime Minister explained how the Centre has been focusing on enhancing ease of doing business and ensuring ease of living for the
The Prime Minister said that today, Jan-Dhan Yojana has completed three years.
The Prime Minister said that the unique reputation gained in the past is not enough but it is also crucial to adapt to emerging challenges
On this eve of the Republic Day, I congratulate the heroes and their families with the various heroic awards.
Our special emphasis was on implementing the various decisions taken during our last two meetings.
The first 80 to 90 big traders had access to raw diamonds in the world through Belgium, Africa and Israel.
7. The deployment of a Medium Health Provider at the Sub-Center who is trained in primary health care and public
In fact, my personal attachment to the leadership, government, industry and people of Japan is almost a decade old.
India will fully support their efforts in this direction.
The Prime Minister mentioned in particular Meghalaya which received the award for its achievements in agriculture during the review period.
6. Training and management for the administration of health services and hospitals;
Talking about the progress made towards this resolution, the Prime Minister said that over 11 crore Soil Health Cards have been distributed
7. availability of medical devices and medicinal products
The Prime Minister will arrive at Port Blair on the evening of December 29.
The earth is our mother and we are her children.
Jasmer Singh used to go to work every morning before Rajnie and his siblings got up.
It will provide the necessary momentum for enhancing bilateral trade and investment relations.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today reviewed the progress of several important infrastructure projects including PMGSY, Awas, Coal
The capacity of the NDRF to handle the situation through its commitment and quick decision has become a new pillar of devotion for every
At this Town Hall event, I had the opportunity to talk through technology, with millions of students from across the country and abroad, with
The first 80 to 90 big traders had access to raw diamonds in the world through Belgium, Africa and Israel.
He urged the children that the praise and fame they are receiving should not hinder their future progress.
At the same time, it is the country's important responsibility to protect its citizens.
They want political stability and an auxiliary regulatory system to ensure the protection of their investments.
In Dwarka, he will lay the foundation stone of a bridge and other road projects between Okha and Beit Dwarka.
Addressing a large and enthusiastic crowd, the Prime Minister said that today he is experiencing himself how Rajasthan wel
The two sides emphasized the importance of continuing multilateral dialogue on this topic within the framework of the East Asia Summits and other
Some people have taken advantage of the money from the Government of India for water conservation and water management in Manrega.
Today I am very proud to announce that through collective efforts, the Swachh Bharat Mission has become a successful mission.
We all remember that a few days ago, ISRO successfully launched GSAT-19.
The Prime Minister said that the songs and music of Bhupen Hazarika have been appreciated by people from generation to generation.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved measures to promote the hydroelectric sector.
These amendments will allow our arbitration process to align with the best practices of the world.
Speaking about Shri Pranab Mukherjee, he said, Pranab Da is an outstanding politician of our time
I am delighted that Bhupen Da was awarded the Bharat Ratna.
He described tourism as an ancient concept and a spiritual tradition in India.
The Prime Minister said that his Government is committed to completing all projects in a timely manner.
Many of our festivals have a distinctive focus on saving rivers and water.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that work is going on at a fast pace to ensure that every homeless person has
The independence of the judiciary is a fundamental feature of the Indian Constitution.
We are with the bereaved families.
Five companies of BSF, CISF, RAF have been deployed for relief and rescue work in the state.
The Swiss Bank has reported that the deposits by Indians have reached the lowest level ever recorded.
Addressing the audience, the Prime Minister said that today Motihari is showing the same spirit of mass movement as it did in the
She is also taking a course in skills development.
The Prime Minister also congratulated the people of Andhra Pradesh.
You act as the interface between the government and the taxpayers, citizens and companies.
The Prime Minister urged the players to remember and stay in touch with their teachers who have guided them since childhood.
