The two leaders expressed happiness at the major achievements resulting from the Special Strategic Partnership between the two countries in the past year.
For this purpose, we have launched the "Make in India" campaign.
The game was played in almost every state.
Passion for football runs deep in Portugal.
It is true that political parties have also made meaningful efforts to reform the system from time to time.
He reaffirmed India's commitment to a strong and robust bilateral strategic partnership with the United States.
The beautiful landscape of Cyprus and the wide horizon of 'Incredible India' can be a source of tourism promotion between the two countries.
Honey is a gift from nature to humans.
You must have heard a lot about Aquarius.
He expressed confidence that through scientific temper, technological innovation and R & D, the graduating students will play an active role in transforming agriculture into a profitable business.
A humble tea seller, today you will be surprised to know that education is shining in the lives of more than 70 children.
You can enjoy a stay in the spiritual city of Rishikesh and the divine environs of Parmarth Niketan.
He said the Muslim community would not allow any conspiracy against India to succeed.
The Prime Minister also conveyed his regards to the Prime Minister of Malaysia, Dr. Mahathir Mohamad.
From Itanagar, the Prime Minister will return to Guwahati.
Every Indian is proud that these three great men are from our country.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of solidarity in the European Union and underlined its importance as a force for stability in the world.
An Indian delegation led by the Minister of Commerce & Industry and Civil Aviation, Suresh Prabhu, participated in the Eastern Economic Forum in September 2018.
This does not do justice to our rich experience and abundant design talent.
He said that the implementation of GST shows that India has the ability to take big decisions and implement them fast.
He said that the countries of the world are willing to walk on the path of peace and stability with India.
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe will hold the 12th India-Japan Annual Summit at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar, Gujarat on 14 September.
The Prime Minister said that steps like Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyan and Mission Indradhanush have played an important role in reducing mortality.
18. It will be aligned with the National Health Protection Mission proposed under Ayushman Bharat.
India's economic growth rate in the fourth quarter of the financial year 2017-18 has been 7. 7 percent.
He said that now Varanasi is among the selected cities where piped cooking gas is being made available.
The Prime Minister appreciated Secretary Carter's support for strengthening defence cooperation between India and the United States.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the redeveloped Tezu Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
It is the largest underground storage facility in the country.
We are now in the information age.
Diwali will be celebrated with great joy for all of you.
The Prime Minister has suggested to work faster in the field of electronic toll collection.
One such example has been given to us by the family of Shriman Gurbachan Singh ji.
Along with this, the removal of this company's name from the list of the Registrar of Companies after adjusting the remaining liabilities of TSPL has also been approved.
My and every Indian's thoughts are with his family in this hour of grief.
He encouraged the jawans to do new things so that their routine tasks and duties become easier and safer.
He said that a few months ago, a national strategy has been prepared to create a strong infrastructure for research in artificial intelligence.
This will help in better health and maternity care for the vulnerable sections of the society.
The external sector is still quite strong.
His calm approach to the game will definitely help the entire team.
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are driven by a broad understanding on issues of mutual interest.
There had been a demand for constitutional space to the OBC Commission for years.
He asked NITI Aayog to follow up with the states on the actionable points suggested within three months.
Talking about the importance of water conservation, he said that the people of Kutch understand its importance very well.
Today the whole country is celebrating the festival of Janmashtami along with the festival of independence.
Let us carry forward the positivity.
He detailed the benefits that the Swachh Bharat Mission will bring to the health and tourism sector.
As soon as Shastriji's name comes, a feeling of boundless reverence rises in the minds of us Indians.
With the inauguration of the Statue of Unity, India today has given itself a huge impetus for the future.
The Prime Minister said that today, farmers buy retail, but sell in bulk.
The Prime Minister answered various questions posed by the members of the delegation in detail.
We are confident that our people will be decisive partners in our endeavour to create solutions that are responsive, collective and inclusive.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate the birth centenary celebrations of Nanaji Deshmukh tomorrow (October 11, 2017) at IARI, Pusa, New Delhi.
My dear countrymen, today when we are discussing about Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, and that too in 'Mann Ki Baat', I want to share with you an anecdote related to Netaji's life.
All the best and blessings to Hanaya.
The Prime Minister said, "It gives me immense pleasure to join the Narmada Seva Yatra in Amarkantak, Madhya Pradesh, tomorrow afternoon.
They will also distribute assistive devices to people with disabilities.
Our mantra is sabka saath, sabka vikas.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory regime to ensure the protection of their investments.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that Mahatma Gandhi's ideas have the power to solve today's challenges in the world.
We have to take everyone along, we have to take people along, we have to take every section of the society along, and with that we have to take the country forward.
The world has seen price fluctuations for a long time.
In this series, F.S.S.A.I., Safe and Healthy Diet Habits is engaged in promoting good eating habits.
The train is likely to significantly reduce the travel time between the two cities.
I am happy that the younger generation is interested in knowing about our history, our freedom fighters, the people who sacrificed for this country.
Public Ganeshotsav had become an effective medium of carrying forward the traditional reverence and celebration as well as the spirit of social awakening, collectivity, harmony and equality among the people.
This is the third official visit of the Prime Minister to Kollam.
I heartily congratulate the people of the school of Chandrapur, these little friends of mine.
Atal ji was a true patriot.
The Indian story of economic revival closely mirrors the remarkable progress made in many other parts of Asia.
But let us not forget that it is not just the government, money, planning, power that gets all the work done.
It brings harmony in the society by making the families sensitive towards the society.
Brothers and sisters, Similarly, some farmers of the hilly areas of Uttarakhand have become a source of inspiration for farmers across the country.
The two leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
During the last two financial years, we received about $55 billion in foreign direct investment.
When there is such a big event, thousands of players from all over the world are participating in it, can you imagine what the atmosphere will be like?
Your contribution is widely valued throughout Sri Lanka and beyond.
It is a good opportunity for sports lovers to watch exciting matches.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
I have innumerable fond memories with him.
The Administrative Council reviews the work done during the previous year and deliberates on future development priorities.
The two leaders also agreed that given the vast development experience and national capabilities of both countries, as two important countries and emerging economies, India and China should join hands to take the lead in providing unique and sustainable solutions to address the challenges faced by humankind in the 21st century.
The Prime Minister said schemes like Mudra Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India are helping in better financial inclusion.
The heroes of London's India House, including Savarkar, celebrated its 50th anniversary with fanfare.
In fact, the 1.25 billion people of India have the same affection for the people of Japan.
Referring to the vision to transform the health sector, the Prime Minister said that the government's vision is to find solutions on a large scale, rather than being limited to one area.
Just a few days ago, India's brave daughter and farmer daughter Hima Das has created history by winning the gold medal in the 400 meter race in the ongoing Junior Under-20 World Athletics Championship in Finland.
In this way, national assets will be put to the best possible use in the national interest.
November 26 is our Constitution Day.
This will promote and propagate traditional medicines of India in Colombia.
The Prime Minister assured him of India's full and constructive support for his successful discharge of his new responsibilities.
On the last three International Yoga Days, people from all over the country and the world participated with great enthusiasm.
No civilized society can tolerate any kind of injustice against the women power of the country.
This will enable quality health services to be provided to the poor.
He said that this award is being given at a time when the country is celebrating the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
Mr. Abdul Kalam, the former President of India, always talked about Nanaji Deshmukh's rural development when he spoke to the youth.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and become long-term commercial partners.
Therefore, to tackle this problem, the Swachh Bharat Mission has now included the 'Swachh Iconic Places' project.
From my experience, we have to rely on people's leadership to achieve better results.
The Prime Minister said that in the last three years, the Union Government has focused all its attention on improving the quality of life of the people.
It is, therefore, appropriate that Kochi should have metro rail facility.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by left-wing extremists in 2016-17.
Yoga can prove to be a strong pillar for a lifestyle of discipline and growth.
Preparation of security dialogue to develop a comprehensive action plan on security cooperation.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do whatever it can to provide adequate water to farmers.
We have used technology to reach out to people.
Solar photovoltaic energy has become economical compared to all other energy sources.
Per capita plastic consumption in India is quite low compared to many parts of the developed world.
The decision should come in six months during the fast-track process.
The two leaders also agreed that given the vast development experience and national capabilities of both countries, as two important countries and emerging economies, India and China should join hands to take the lead in providing unique and sustainable solutions to address the challenges faced by humankind in the 21st century.
It ensured that crores of Indians were brought under the umbrella of 'One Nation and One Constitution'.
These bravehearts sacrificed themselves in defence of 1.25 billion Indians.
India remembers its brave soldiers who fought in the First World War.
I have shared with you a strong commitment to take our bilateral relations to a new level.
He said India is today the fastest growing major economy in the world.
His courage in the face of adversity and his constant opposition to imperialism can never be forgotten.
He said that Operation Greens announced in the recent budget will be beneficial for farmers in growing fruits and vegetables, especially tomatoes, onions and potatoes.
Under Ayushman Bharat's comprehensive primary healthcare, we will provide the service of prevention and treatment of diseases near people's homes at the primary level.
Don't let this opportunity go by hand, friends.
The Prime Minister said that in the last three years, the Union Government has focused all its attention on improving the quality of life of the people.
A mass recitation of Soundarya Lahari was performed at the event.
Shri Narendra Modi also called for a mission mode initiative for the 100 most backward districts of India.
These projects pertain to various states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
He was the architect of the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between India and Portugal.
He stressed that the development and growth of Jammu and Kashmir is among his key priorities.
Being a market economy, our needs and strengths complement each other.
President Temer's visit will open the way for cooperation in new areas with Brazil, an important strategic partner of ours.
"The benefits of India's success are also available to our partners!
"The government is constantly working to create a business-friendly environment in the country.
During a public meeting, he flagged off the 900th coach and a Humsafar rake.
New systems are born.
It takes years for a case to be decided.
· The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold annual summit meetings, including at multilateral events.
As there are no middlemen in between, things are much cheaper.
India were the Asia Cup champions in 2003 and 2007.
You see, all the people of a state will say this, then I will ask the government to scrutinize it and prepare the literature on what seven common things have come from every state.
Praising the various social initiatives undertaken by the Dawoodi Bohra community, the Prime Minister said that the government has made many efforts to ensure that the standard of living of the citizens, especially the poor and the needy, improves.
It is true that political parties have also made meaningful efforts to reform the system from time to time.
The great Indian thinker and strategist Kautilya wrote Arthashastra 2000 years ago.
Janmabhoomi in Patna, Karmabhoomi in North India and the last moment of life in Nanded.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the newly constructed Madan Mohan Malviya Cancer Centre of Banaras Hindu University.
The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) started its financing operations in January 2016.
The country runs on peace, goodwill and unity.
During the conversation, the Prime Minister highlighted the immense potential for cooperation between the two countries in the areas of energy security and food security.
During the same period, a scheme was launched to unearth black money.
"We are constantly trying to simplify procedures for small businesses.
Without worrying about her health, Sister Nivedita started cleaning drains and roads.
It brings harmony in the society by making the families sensitive towards the society.
He said India is today the fastest growing major economy in the world.
This has given us an opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a section of the new Magenta Line of the Delhi Metro on 25th December.
We have also announced a new intellectual property rights policy.
This is change.
He noted that navies from 50 countries participated in the International Fleet Review held by the Indian Navy in 2016.
Friends, Yoga has shown the world the path from illness to wellness.
This is the first time since independence that such a scheme has been launched.
Vidya is considered to be an occasion for worship.
At an event in Bhopal earlier this month, the Prime Minister had highlighted the humane aspects in our brave jawans.
My heartfelt condolences to the families of the deceased.
"I bow to Guru Ravidas Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayanti.
India, along with its other partner countries and stakeholders in the region, will create a coalition or hub to promote disaster resilience infrastructure.
This is the seventh interaction in the series of interactions of the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of government schemes.
During my visit, in addition to discussions with President Moon, I will meet with business leaders, members of the Indian community, as well as eminent personalities.
The second edition of the Dialogue for Conflict Prevention and Environmental Consciousness is being held in Yangon today and tomorrow.
The number of air passengers in the aviation sector has reached 282 million per year.
In the evening, the Prime Minister went around the city to evaluate the development works in Varanasi.
Bilateral meetings with participating countries are also planned during the BRICS summit.
The Prime Minister extended his heartiest congratulations to all those associated with this marvellous feat.
He expressed confidence that Gujarat and its people will emerge stronger and successful from the challenge posed by the floods.
It was his mastery to bring the idea to fruition.
And if we give children nature lessons, maybe they can come in handy in protecting the environment.
Your contribution is widely valued throughout Sri Lanka and beyond.
Cyprus is the eighth largest investor in India.
This is one area where India needs to improve in order to remain competitive.
Shri Narendra Modi said that he was fortunate to have got an opportunity to do social work among tribals in his youth.
The Prime Minister said that cleanliness is one of the most important aspects of preventive healthcare.
When Rajini expressed his desire to learn boxing from his father, the latter encouraged him by putting all possible resources into it.
The team members presented the Prime Minister with a signed bat, a ball and a team jersey bearing the name of the Prime Minister.
I congratulate the people of Kochi on this proud moment.
Whenever hockey will be discussed in the world, the story of hockey will be incomplete without these great players of India.
This is also saving crores of rupees of the large consumer class associated with the poor and middle class.
Talking about self-help groups, the Prime Minister said that self-help groups play an important role in economic and social progress for the poor, especially women in rural areas.
In the year 2001, Atal ji changed the time of presenting the budget from 5 pm to 11 am.
The business environment in the country has improved considerably, thanks to a number of administrative reforms.
Shri Narendra Modi said that he was fortunate to have got an opportunity to do social work among tribals in his youth.
The effort now is to get the banks back to normal as soon as possible in the new year.
Under the "Eat Right India" campaign, Swasth Bharat Yatras are being taken out across the country.
Specific action plans are being prepared and implemented at the local level.
India and Russia respect the establishment of a multi-polar world order in international relations as part of the natural and inevitable process of development of inter-state relations in the 21st century.
India and Cyprus share the common objective of early reform of the UN Security Council.
My personal contacts with the leaders, government, industry and people of Japan go back nearly a decade now.
He stressed the importance of reforming multilateral financial and political institutions to make them more representative and sensitive to the needs of developing countries.
Ayushman Bharat also includes the Pradhan Mantri National Health Protection Mission.
I congratulate the people of Kochi on this proud moment.
He said that inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made the Swachh Bharat Mission the world's largest people's movement.
A memorandum was sent on behalf of the Chief Minister of Mizoram, who was unable to attend the meeting in person.
We will also encourage and facilitate trade and industry between our two countries to enhance the quality and quantity of bilateral trade.
But whenever I look at the impact of 'Mann Ki Baat', my belief becomes stronger that 'Mann Ki Baat' is 100% connected with the people of this country.
The National War Memorial near India Gate in New Delhi is a fitting tribute to our soldiers who laid down their lives to protect the country after independence.
He said that Shri Inamdar had imbibed this principle in his life and his life is a source of inspiration.
At Port Blair, the Prime Minister laid a wreath at the Martyrs' Column and visited the Cellular Jail.
He said this would be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
This will be of immense importance to both countries, given their shared cultural heritage.
More recently, we proceeded with the formal administration of the law.
For life to be healthy, the first requirement is cleanliness.
Even today, the players of Team India are inspiring the new generation of hockey by the successes they are getting due to their hard work and dedication.
Emphasis was laid on women empowerment and respect for women.
The Prime Minister said that he has fulfilled the promise of 'One Rank One Pension' for ex-servicemen and he is happy to be able to fulfil it.
We have also announced a new intellectual property rights policy.
Our partnership will extend to combating terrorism, organised crime, drugs and human trafficking.
The world today is also grappling with the twin challenges of terrorism and climate change.
Low labour costs, a large domestic market, and macroeconomic stability have made India an attractive investment destination.
When Rajini expressed his desire to learn boxing from his father, the latter encouraged him by putting all possible resources into it.
These are our values as well.
Through radio, in a way, I come in contact with crores of families every month.
During the last three years, everyone has made efforts in their own way towards water conservation and water management.
We are giving loans to small enterprises without any collateral or guarantee.
The Prime Minister said that he has fulfilled the promise of 'One Rank One Pension' for ex-servicemen and he is happy to be able to fulfil it.
Now, in some parts of the world, the Rath Yatra of Lord Jagannath is celebrated.
The two leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Assistant Secretaries Programme provides an opportunity for junior and senior officers to interact with each other.
The duplication of such a process by various departments for recognition of trade unions at the central and state levels will be prevented.
You have absorbed our culture and made it your own.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India would be able to benefit from the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
Talking about the importance of water conservation, he said that the people of Kutch understand its importance very well.
We are now in the information age.
He said that during the last three to three and a half years, the central government has worked to fulfill that vision of social democracy.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took over the reins of unifying India.
It finds inspiration through the teachings of truth of Gautama Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi.
Investors are expecting growth and macroeconomic stability.
Everyone should dream for the next Olympics.
We people very naturally say - unity in diversity, the speciality of India.
The government has launched a series of transformational initiatives.
Protocol for consultations between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of the two countries for the period 2019-23
The Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone for the expansion of Amul manufacturing facilities at Anand and Khatraj.
Your Majesty and I have discussed ways to shift our energy relations in a strategic direction through specific projects and proposals.
This Bhagiratha effort of cleanliness is a wonderful example of beauty, collectivity and continuity.
We noted that President Temer's priority includes revitalizing the domestic economic agenda in Brazil.
The Prime Minister will dedicate to the nation the Western-North Inter-Regional Power Transmission Line built to ensure uninterrupted power supply to western Uttar Pradesh.
Within a few hours, the video generated a tremendous amount of interest on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed his best wishes to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
Best wishes to you for today's contest.
Almost the maximum tax payers of India are going to benefit a lot from this.
The project of Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural cooperation between the city of Kyoto, Japan and Varanasi.
We can imagine what the state of mind would be like at this young age when the world is gone?
Earlier today, I announced direct Air India flights from Colombo to Varanasi.
Recently, Neeraj ji, the beloved poet of our country, left us.
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Jugnauth affirmed their shared commitment to strengthening the time-tested and unique ties between India and Mauritius.
He said the cooperative movement can play an important role in achieving these objectives.
I myself will be a candidate in this election.
In a tweet, the Prime Minister said, the Central Government has assured the Bihar Government of all possible assistance to overcome the flood situation and is closely monitoring the situation.
The Prime Minister said that technology is beneficial only when it benefits the common man.
This shows that there is a craze in our youth even today for our ancient heritage and our heroic heroes of history.
He said that farmers and scientists need to work together to transform agriculture.
We have removed the bottlenecks and significantly improved the average rate of implementation in these areas.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan forward.
Top officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog and the Prime Minister's Office briefed the Prime Minister on various aspects of the scheme.
Since last month, he has started delivering 'Mann Ki Baat' in regional languages immediately after the completion of my 'Mann Ki Baat'.
He said that Swami Vivekananda also raised his voice against social evils.
I urge all of you to take part in this celebration of 'Run for Unity'.
This month, a 20-year-old Pune girl, Vedangi Kulkarni, became the fastest Asian to cycle around the world.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Singapore on cooperation in the field of urban planning and development.
The Prime Minister will address a public meeting at Dharamshala in Kangra district.
It was because of great people like him that India got independence.
India is now one of the most preferred countries for investment in this sector.
Praising the Bohra community, the Prime Minister said that it is a privilege for them to have the affection of the community.
According to estimates by the World Bank and IMF, this boom will continue.
The Prime Minister also unveiled a series of development projects related to energy, connectivity and health sectors.
We will facilitate the early start of negotiations on a Free Trade Agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
A mass recitation of Soundarya Lahari was performed at the event.
The construction work of IIT, IIM, AIIMS, is going on at a rapid pace.
The Prime Minister said that when India was not independent, the importance of India's heritage and knowledge wealth like Yoga and Ayurveda was reduced.
Our partnership will extend to combating terrorism, organised crime, drugs and human trafficking.
7. Deployment of a mid-level health provider at the sub-centre level who is trained in primary health care and public health capacity.
'Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas' can be our guiding light for cooperation and actions in South Asia.
But we are in independent India.
Our partnership will extend to combating terrorism, organised crime, drugs and human trafficking.
This will result in expansion of health facilities leading to creation of large number of jobs.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to a bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
He said that this event has been organized to honour the women Sarpanches who have contributed immensely to the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
May you all benefit from the benefits of yoga.
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Jugnauth affirmed their shared commitment to strengthening the time-tested and unique ties between India and Mauritius.
I pray to God for the recovery of all those injured due to the rail accident.
Through institutions such as the AIIB, regional multilateralism can play a significant role in helping mobilize the necessary resources.
You can also become a very big catalyst agent in increasing the tourism of the country by using the time from this month of October to the month of March.
The main objective of this mission is to promote reading as a means of development and prosperity.
The Prime Minister said that technology is beneficial only when it benefits the common man.
I congratulate him for this achievement.
The President and I agree that India offers excellent investment opportunities for Cypriot entrepreneurs.
"On World Toilet Day, we reaffirm our commitment to improving sanitation facilities across our country.
He inaugurated the Luangpokpa Multi-Sport Complex, Rani Gaidinliu Park and other important development projects.
Infrastructure creation was promoted and the Government of India implemented the 'Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojana'.
Today, the government is using Direct Benefit Transfer for 59 different schemes.
The Court's refusal to enforce the judgment can only be done in accordance with international practices.
He recalled the felicitation of Indian military personnel by Bangladesh in New Delhi last year.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of an Agreement between the Government of the Republic of Ukraine and the Republic of India on cooperation in the field of agriculture and food industry.
A memorandum was sent on behalf of the Chief Minister of Mizoram, who was unable to attend the meeting in person.
We are committed to doing what is sustainable and green.
In fact, it was the third largest source of foreign direct investment during the last three years.
This will add tremendous strength to our strategic defence.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Thursday evening reviewed the progress of the Namami Gange programme.
Beneficiaries spoke of how the reduction in expenditure on heart stents and knee implants has transformed their lives.
Ten days ago, Mother India lost her brave sons.
On the energy front, we are now the fifth largest producer of renewable energy in the world.
I wish you success in your endeavours.
India, along with its other partner countries and stakeholders in the region, will create a coalition or hub to promote disaster resilience infrastructure.
I look forward to many more shining successes.
He noted with great concern the rise of terrorism and violent extremism and the growing threat of its universal reach.
We are the fourth-largest producer of wind power and the fifth-largest producer of solar power.
He also encouraged teachers to bring about a digital transformation in their schools and surroundings.
The money will be used to strengthen facilities like electricity, water, sewage, sanitation and gardens in these 33 cities.
The meeting was attended by several Union Ministers.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the state-of-the-art super speciality Rasilaben Sevantilal Shah Venus Hospital in Surat.
The Prime Minister said that the bridge will bring a positive change in the lives of common people.
Works such as the Encyclopedia of Hinduism, when made available in different languages, increase our understanding and awareness of other traditions and cultures of the country.
Yoga can prove to be a strong pillar for a lifestyle of discipline and growth.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the redeveloped Tezu Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
In Singapore, I will focus on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in the areas of fintech, skill development, urban planning and artificial intelligence.
The society and the family need to pay attention to this.
The results are already beginning to show.
Connecting the individual to the family brings prosperity to the family.
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister described water as a gift from nature.
Also, the people here have a deep sense of social responsibility and ethical behaviour.
Kochi ranks first in terms of the number of domestic and international tourists visiting Kerala.
Indian women have played a leading role in peacekeeping operations.
He said that efforts are being made to showcase India's glorious past and dynamic future.
Best wishes to all the countrymen on this auspicious festival.
He called upon the children to study diligently and at the same time develop interest in sports.
School children belonging to Atal Tinkering Labs shared their innovations with the Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister told the Board members of USISPF that India and the United States have benefited greatly from economic cooperation.
The Prime Minister said that every rupee and every resource of the Government of India is dedicated to the welfare of Indians.
2. Assistance in development of human resources and health services and setting up of health care facilities.
It has the power to change the weather of the entire country.
The government and people of Japan have shown great affection for me and my country.
She rendered her services to thousands of mothers and sisters in Karnataka, especially in the inaccessible areas there.
Under this, more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families will get insurance cover of more than $7,000 per year.
These bravehearts sacrificed themselves in defence of 1.25 billion Indians.
We are bringing in the Goods and Services Tax law to create a unified national market.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for their exemplary performance in the international arena.
Going out of the house for the first time, going out of the village, getting out of a protective environment, one has to become one's own charioteer.
This includes photography and geo-tagging.
From our side, obviously we want more and more Japanese investment.
We look forward to continuing our engagement with our other development partners, including the AIIB.
The theme of IEF-16 is' The Future of Global Energy Security '.
Most sectors of our economy are now open only to FDI.
Under Ayushman Bharat's comprehensive primary healthcare, we will provide the service of prevention and treatment of diseases near people's homes at the primary level.
I compliment all the people and organizations engaged in the construction of as many toilets as possible in different parts of the country.
I look forward to my meeting with the politicians and friends of Nepal.
In this regard, they resolved to strengthen, in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner, a close developmental partnership for national modernization and greater prosperity of their peoples.
In this event, apart from the 13 medals we won, we also won 3 more medals in the mix event.
The Prime Minister said that one has to compulsorily connect with nature and follow it, instead of merely exploiting its resources.
The International Conference of the Saurashtra Patel Cultural Society is being held in California, USA this year.
The festival of Chhath is associated with the worship of the sun in rivers, ponds.
He says that the role of parents is very important in the examination.
23. Both sides appreciated efforts to strengthen and institutionalize cooperation between the states of India and the regions of Russia.
Everyone remembers the efforts of the UN to establish peace in the world, its positive role.
Brothers and sisters, In this year's budget, a major decision has been taken to ensure that farmers get a fair price for their crops.
He hoped that the Government would soon achieve the target of 100% rural road connectivity.
Thereafter, they watched an audio-visual presentation of the experiences raised by the selected beneficiaries of the welfare schemes of the Government of India and Rajasthan.
India and Russia respect the establishment of a multi-polar world order in international relations as part of the natural and inevitable process of development of inter-state relations in the 21st century.
Because Indonesia, the country with the largest Muslim population in the world, stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
I hope they continue the exemplary work of curbing plastic pollution.
The Prime Minister will then reach the Wall of Unity and inaugurate it.
This time the golden jubilee of the Press Council of India is also being celebrated.
He said that he himself has been to the North Eastern Region more than 25 times in the last four years.
Member countries can use BRICS countries' labour research institutions and social security cooperation frameworks to collaborate on social security and other labour-related issues.
BIMSTEC is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
In November last year, India hosted the first South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
Together, we will create an India where youth and women will have ample opportunities to fulfil their dreams.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Noida on the occasion.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Archaeological Survey of India has done significant work in the last 150 years.
He said a strong America would be beneficial to the entire world.
Under that scheme, our poor brothers and sisters will get loans, grants and subsidies from the government.
Mr. Jo Yves Le Drou gave an overview of the current state of bilateral defence cooperation to Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi.
The agreement will be effective for a period of 5 years.
The Ayushman Bharat scheme will provide vast investment opportunities in health infrastructure, medical devices manufacturing, and healthcare services.
Five new metro rail projects have been approved with a total length of 140 km.
Pariksha Pe Charcha: One of the special features of Pariksha was the open discussion on various topics related to the exam.
I congratulate the crores of people, especially the poor, who have benefited from this initiative.
He unfurled the tricolour at Khardung-La in Ladakh on 15 August 2017.
The Prime Minister said he wanted to caution the country that some elements were attempting to exert undue pressure on the judiciary.
He said that the officers present in today's conference have provided the right leadership despite working in an atmosphere of negativity.
Bharat Net aims to provide last mile internet connectivity in the country.
The establishment of the Chair on Paika Rebellion at Utkal University Bhubaneswar was announced.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will provide all possible assistance to the states affected by the cyclone.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
No civilized society can tolerate any kind of injustice against the women power of the country.
The situation that has arisen in Karnataka-Tamil Nadu over the sharing of Cauvery water is very sad.
We are now in the information age.
As of August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
Under this scheme, more than 10 crore families will be provided health insurance of 5 lakh rupees per family every year.
Today Mudra Yojana, Start Up India, Stand Up India initiatives are giving birth to our young innovators, young entrepreneurs.
But knowledge is still our best guide.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
Inflation remains within the prescribed range despite rising crude oil prices.
In this regard, they resolved to strengthen, in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner, a close developmental partnership for national modernization and greater prosperity of their peoples.
Private companies are also joining the portal in large numbers.
He said enterprise and innovation should be the guiding principles in the 21st century.
He said that sanitation is the only solution for preventive health care.
He also dedicated to the nation the first phase of the Madhepura Electric Locomotive Plant.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister said that it is our endeavour to initiate development while preserving the environment and local culture.
As soon as Shastriji's name comes, a feeling of boundless reverence rises in the minds of us Indians.
He stressed that 'We, the People' should also act in accordance with the expectations that our guardian - the Constitution - has from us.
First, in all areas of development, we have to imbibe the principles of disaster mitigation management.
This work gives a new confidence.
His singing will continue to attract people towards Sufi music.
The Prime Minister said that he has been told, in the 13th century, the Indian Sufi Saint Baba Farid came to Jerusalem and meditated in a cave here.
We need to have widely accepted standards and norms for disaster mapping, for example, for earthquakes.
He urged the states to take steps in this direction.
I will also visit religious places that have a cultural connect with India.
The Prime Minister said that the policies and decisions of the Union Government are aimed at increasing the income of farmers.
In order to realize the motto of Sabka Saath - Sabka Vikas, on the eve of New Year, the government is coming up with some new schemes for 1.25 billion citizens of the country.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that such Unnati Melas pave the way for a New India.
The Prime Minister asked the officials to set clear targets for reforming the country's tax administration by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
Recently, I had two memorable meetings.
The game was played in almost every state.
India has shown tremendous resilience at a time when the global economy continues to be in a period of uncertainty.
I've said before that the combination of your hardware and our software will be tremendous.
He said that Operation Greens announced in the recent budget will be beneficial for farmers in growing fruits and vegetables, especially tomatoes, onions and potatoes.
33. Both sides expressed interest in developing mutually beneficial cooperation in the field of joint scientific research, including in the Arctic and other areas.
A mass recitation of Soundarya Lahari was performed at the event.
In this Town Hall program, I got an opportunity to talk to crores of students, their parents, teachers from home and abroad through technology.
In this context, the Prime Minister drew attention to the International Solar Alliance, which India and France are jointly working towards.
During the interaction, the women crew members gave a presentation based on various aspects of the mission such as preparation, training and experience during the journey.
A teacher asked the Prime Minister what teachers should say to parents who are stressed about their children's exams and have unrealistic expectations.
Friends, It is also very heartening to have the United Nations as a partner in this entire process.
Even on Makar Sankranti, lakhs and crores of people take a dip in the holy rivers.
The Prime Minister will visit an exhibition on "Technology and Rural Life."
My dear countrymen, after the Diwali holidays, with a new resolve, with a new determination, all of you must have come together once again in your daily lives.
The Prime Minister said that special attention is being paid to skill development of rural youth through Deendayal Antyodaya.
She has cleared the MBBS exam of Jodhpur AIIMS in her very first attempt.
This is change.
A number of conferences and seminars have been held on various topics.
Since the Council was formed fifty years ago, the industry in India has progressed rapidly.
I had thanked all parties that day as well.
In this context, he pointed out that all government clearances, including construction permits, are being issued faster than before.
The Court's refusal to enforce the judgment can only be done in accordance with international practices.
The Prime Minister said, "It gives me immense pleasure to join the Narmada Seva Yatra in Amarkantak, Madhya Pradesh, tomorrow afternoon.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting.
We know how the fruits of progress and prosperity are distributed among the common man.
Who doesn't know the sense of adventure.
His visit is significant for both countries as our strategic partnership completes a decade.
Rather, it should seek to achieve the real goal of bringing about social and economic change.
Talking about the importance of water conservation, he said that the people of Kutch understand its importance very well.
The Indian side expressed its intention to increase the import of fertilizers from Russia.
Lokmanya Tilak was full of courage and self-confidence.
We are sanctioning loans up to Rs.1 crore in 59 minutes. '
He taught people the importance of cleanliness and service through his works.
He stressed the importance of positive news for a vibrant and happy nation.
You are the leader of a great nation.
This rail line will prove to be Tripura's gateway to South and Southeast Asia.
We fully stand with Portugal in this hour of grief.
Indian soldiers showed the world that they are second to none when it comes to warfare.
Gurus are highly respected in our society.
It is the largest underground storage facility in the country.
As part of this, the government has started training one lakh masons.
This has given us an opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
The Prime Minister said that about 12 crore farmers are likely to benefit from the PM-KISAN scheme.
This will also increase mutual trust and trade.
My and every Indian's thoughts are with his family in this hour of grief.
We have fought hard against terrorism and extremism in our respective countries.
The Prime Minister said that several schemes have been implemented to provide social security to workers in the unorganized sector during old age such as Ayushman Bharat for health coverage, Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana for life insurance, and Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana for physical disability.
Whether it is a grandparent or a grandparent, a parent, a son or a daughter, all three generations should do yoga together and upload his picture.
"Rani Lakshmibai is a source of inspiration for every Indian.
Under PMGSY, 88 per cent of the habitations are now connected with rural roads.
The Prime Minister welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC family ahead of the Summit.
The Prime Minister asked the officials to set clear targets for reforming the country's tax administration by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
He called for all issues related to Iran's nuclear program to be resolved through peaceful means and dialogue.
The women beneficiaries narrated how the self-help groups have brought a positive change in their lives.
He said that the implementation of GST shows that India has the ability to take big decisions and implement them fast.
Under this scheme, interest subsidy will be provided on the loan amount up to two lakh rupees to the beneficiary taking the loan.
He expressed confidence that Gujarat and its people will emerge stronger and successful from the challenge posed by the floods.
As a society, as a country, 30th January, 11 am 2 minutes tribute, this should become instinctive.
The Prime Minister said that there is immense potential in the tourism sector and the world is keen to visit India.
He did a better job for Delhi's progress, especially in ensuring better infrastructure.
The award is given by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO).
The scope of the MoU includes the following areas of cooperation: -
He said that our goal has been to double the income of farmers and make the life of farmers easier.
But let us not forget that it is not just the government, money, planning, power that gets all the work done.
Even after so many obstacles, Rajni did not lose heart and continued to learn boxing.
Once the project is launched, the customs administration of both countries will be committed to take it forward.
President Xi and I will exchange views on a range of issues of bilateral and global importance.
Both sides stressed the importance of continuing the multilateral dialogue on this subject within the framework of the East Asia Summits and other regional fora.
There are reports of good rainfall in many places these days.
This will not only improve our refining and processing capacity, but also lead to time and efficient project completion.
It offers a panoramic view of the Sardar Sarovar Dam, its reservoir, and the Satpura and Vindhya mountain ranges.
You're correct.
Earlier, he condoled the loss of lives due to forest fires in Portugal.
Saddened by the demise of George Sahab.
He told the officers that to succeed in tasks and objectives, it is important to develop close relationships with people.
The expectations of the country at this time, the feelings of having to go through something, are also natural.
The Prime Minister will address the gathering, which will include farmers, scientists, entrepreneurs, students, government officials and public representatives.
We are very pleased to have this opportunity to increase our engagement with the Bank and its members.
I am extremely happy to be among the manufacturers and global leaders in the food processing sector.
You will be happy to know that this award, given for the best policy making in this sector, is similar to the Oscar in that sector.
These experiences will enrich your life.
But let us not forget that it is not just the government, money, planning, power that gets all the work done.
Write down a few things about the life there, not just the buildings, not just the natural beauty.
We have a mutual desire for a strong strategic partnership.
Under this scheme, interest subsidy will be provided on the loan amount up to two lakh rupees to the beneficiary taking the loan.
The leaders discussed regional and global issues.
Now the time has come to have a debate on this, to find a way.
The establishment of the Chair on Paika Rebellion at Utkal University Bhubaneswar was announced.
"Warm greetings to all soldiers, veterans and their families on Army Day.
When you read inside, learn how our youth today strive to make a difference in the lives of ordinary people by making smart and creative use of technology.
Even microplastics are now making their way into our basic food like salt, bottled water, and tap water.
This is especially necessary to ensure freedom, peace, and justice for the oppressed, the oppressed, and the disenfranchised.
I hope that your stay in India with Prime Minister Netanyahu, Mrs. Netanyahu and the delegation will be a memorable one.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a section of the new Magenta Line of the Delhi Metro on 25th December.
They also exchanged views on their respective efforts to contribute to regional and global economic growth.
Today, the daughters here are sewing from ordinary to fine fabrics, in addition to their own and their family's clothes.
The Prime Minister interacted with people in Kavaratti and Kanyakumari.
It will be the world's largest government-funded health programme.
Space technology will connect with the lives of our people in this region.
Another important aspect of the project is that close to a thousand women and 23 transgenders are being selected to work in the Kochi Metro Rail system.
This time, celebrating Diwali with the security forces in the Gurez sector of Jammu and Kashmir was unforgettable for me.
India and Cyprus enjoy close economic ties.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the gathering for celebrating Dhanwantari Jayanti as Ayurveda Day.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for entering into an Agreement between Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and European Securities and Market Authority (ESMA) on Mutual Cooperation.
At Port Blair, the Prime Minister laid a wreath at the Martyrs' Column and visited the Cellular Jail.
There are more than 300 million middle-class consumers in India.
It has the power to change the weather of the entire country.
He said the award also indicates the priorities of the government.
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
During the last three years, my Government has paid special attention to the overall infrastructure development of the country.
Everyone says this, but do we have any responsibility?
But when we talk about Ganesh Utsav, it is very natural to remember Lokmanya Tilak Ji.
His power-packed innings in the semi-final will always be remembered.
He will witness the e-Griha Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families.
During the last three years, we have worked tirelessly on the ease of doing business front.
The entire world celebrates it as World Yoga Day.
Historically, temples have played a significant role in our society.
We are sanctioning loans up to Rs.1 crore in 59 minutes. '
One of the major reasons for being prone to such diseases at a young age is the lack of physical activity in our lifestyle and changes in our eating patterns.
He also informed that the Fair and Cash Price (FRP) of sugarcane for the sugar season of 2018-19 will also be announced.
India is the third-largest economy in terms of purchasing power parity (PPP).
The Prime Minister stressed the need for an institutional mechanism that provides for excellence in sports.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Jharkhand on their Statehood Day.
This enthusiasm will bring about a positive change and a sense of responsibility, he added.
Describing it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated the PM-SYM scheme to the 42 crore workers in the unorganised sector of the country.
In this way, national assets will be put to the best possible use in the national interest.
He had also released a commemorative postage stamp on the occasion.
Talking about self-help groups, the Prime Minister said that self-help groups play an important role in economic and social progress for the poor, especially women in rural areas.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
Similar steps have been taken towards issuing cyclone alerts.
Proceed with this mantra.
He said that the Tarakote route will provide an alternate route to Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine, which will facilitate the pilgrims.
The Prime Minister specifically mentioned Meghalaya, which received the award for its achievements in agriculture during the period under review.
The Prime Minister said that a quarter of the world's 500 largest companies are in the public sector in one country or the other.
He saw an important place for the youth in the field of nation building.
The Prime Minister will also unveil a plaque to mark the inauguration of a public housing project of 624 houses.
17. Both sides welcomed the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding between the National Small Industries Corporation of India and the Small and Medium Business Corporation of Russia.
Many congratulations to daughter Shivangi.
The Prime Minister recalled their meeting in Malaysia in May 2018.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister presented the event as an example of Indian traditions.
In fact, we have now entered what many have dubbed the 'Asian Century'.
The Prime Minister mentioned his PRAGATI initiative for project monitoring.
There is a great need for roads, railways and waterways.
Sadly, for a very long time, we referred to the events of 1857 simply as the Mutiny or Sepoy Mutiny.
After the review meeting, the Prime Minister announced a financial assistance of Rs 500 crore for the state.
He said its implementation is a complex task that could be a subject of study for the future.
During the same period, 11,641 additional habitations have been connected with roads.
He also recalled the contribution of members of the Indian community to Kenya's independence movement.
The UAE can benefit from being associated with the development of our manufacturing and services sector.
The Administrative Council reviews the work done during the previous year and deliberates on future development priorities.
The Prime Minister said today, a sportsperson's life spans many decades in today's time.
To create world-class universities in the field of education, we have taken a major step to free ourselves from the shackles.
He said the cooperative movement can play an important role in achieving these objectives.
We have also announced a new intellectual property rights policy.
He expressed confidence that through scientific temper, technological innovation and R & D, the graduating students will play an active role in transforming agriculture into a profitable business.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan forward.
For how many years did the law hang on the benami property holders?
Last year, during the BRICS Summit in South Africa, I experienced their wonderful hospitality.
This is one area where India needs to improve in order to remain competitive.
Who does not know the fight for Bangladesh's independence in 1971.
We exchanged views on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Foreign Minister of Palestine to India.
India's core values are rooted in our civilizational heritage.
India remembers its brave soldiers who fought in the First World War.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has connected crores of people to the banking system.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia spoke of massive public awareness to ensure better income, better irrigation facilities for our farmers and to increase food and milk production.
For a healthy and happy humanity, it is our responsibility to make the understanding of yoga more developed.
"Warm welcome and best wishes to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
His courage in the face of adversity and his constant opposition to imperialism can never be forgotten.
Just two days ago, I have written a letter to all the governments and leaders of the world regarding Yoga Day.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on Land Border Crossing.
Enterprises want assurances of the law's comprehensiveness in the Indian market.
As developing countries, our challenges are similar.
He said that in the field of agriculture also, there is a need to develop a new 'culture economy' through the use of technology with a view to benefit the farmers.
Dr. Abdul Momen briefed the Prime Minister on the recent progress in bilateral relations between India and Bangladesh.
The Prime Minister also referred to the reforms undertaken in India in recent times.
India can proudly say that not only the male power but also the female power is contributing as much to the armed forces in India's army.
He stressed the importance of positive news for a vibrant and happy nation.
The two leaders also agreed that given the vast development experience and national capabilities of both countries, as two important countries and emerging economies, India and China should join hands to take the lead in providing unique and sustainable solutions to address the challenges faced by humankind in the 21st century.
2. Assistance in development of human resources and health services and setting up of health care facilities.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it is really important that the senior-most and the junior-most officers have a long interaction among themselves.
The Prime Minister said that every rupee and every resource of the Government of India is dedicated to the welfare of Indians.
During my visit, in addition to discussions with President Moon, I will meet with business leaders, members of the Indian community, as well as eminent personalities.
I will be attending events in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Modasa and Gandhinagar.
As the campaign begins, people are invited to send letters and messages to the armed forces.
Lord Buddha's message is as relevant in the 21st century as it was two and a half thousand years ago.
In terms of scale of operations and high value addition, an investor is also attracted by the huge domestic market, availability of skilled workers and better physical infrastructure.
The Prime Minister said that the visit of UK Prime Minister Theresa May to India in November 2016 has created the necessary framework to guide India-UK relations in the days to come.
Today the whole country is celebrating the festival of Janmashtami along with the festival of independence.
His father is a labourer while his mother works as a fish seller.
He said that the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana envisages water for every farm.
I have asked the Ministry of Defence to further speed up relief and rescue operations in the state.
It has gained wings from our democratic traditions, which emphasise both wealth and value creation, strengthen the entrepreneurial spirit, and seek modernisation for the prosperity of its economy.
The Indian community in Portugal has played an important role in deepening our bilateral relations.
Many congratulations to daughter Shivangi.
Cyprus is the eighth largest investor in India.
Now it is the festival of Eid.
Kerala was also the first state to achieve 100% primary education.
We need to fully utilise these capacities.
I once again bow to Sri Guru Gobind Singh Ji.
The Prime Minister spoke of the work being done towards modernising the transport infrastructure.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by left-wing extremists in 2016-17.
Considering the importance of bilateral cooperation in the development of the pharma industry and bio-pharma industry in both countries and trade, production, research and development in the pharma sector, both countries have been endeavouring to create a formal mechanism for bilateral cooperation.
You will be happy to know that this award, given for the best policy making in this sector, is similar to the Oscar in that sector.
The Prime Minister said that India can achieve a lot in the game of football.
The entire world celebrates it as World Yoga Day.
The weather has become pleasant with heavy rains lashing many parts of the country.
The team members presented the Prime Minister with a signed bat, a ball and a team jersey bearing the name of the Prime Minister.
A Thai navy soldier also lost his life in the operation.
Our efforts to improve the ease of doing business have led to an improvement in India's ranking.
Our trees and forests have grown by 1% in the last 2 years.
When I read Savarkar ji's book 'Mazi Janmathe', I was inspired to visit the Cellular Jail.
So far, progress data of 41 programmes and schemes of 20 ministries have been displayed on this portal.
I pray for the injured to recover quickly.
It will facilitate effective institutional interaction between India and Thailand.
Our discussions covered all aspects of the bilateral relationship.
This is the third official visit of the Prime Minister to Kollam.
She cycled about 300 kilometres daily for 159 days.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
From cause-lists to case-law, the lawyer's library is now a click away from your mobile.
Working together, we seek to take our relationship to a future-oriented partnership of people, prosperity and peace.
Addressing the gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister described the conference as a new beginning for the public sector.
The freedom struggle is more connected to the spirit of us.
My condolences to those who lost their loved ones in the loss of lives due to the derailment of the Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Express.
This is the seventh interaction in the series of interactions of the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of government schemes.
This is changing the supply perspective;
I once again bow to Sri Guru Gobind Singh Ji.
It is, therefore, an honour for me to welcome an ardent friend and supporter of India.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of roads to be built under the Central Road Fund (CRF) by pressing the button.
Connecting the individual to the family brings prosperity to the family.
I want to convey to all of you the very positive outcome of this.
This number is expected to double in the next 10 years.
The woman is empowered, now she is also becoming armed.
He will address a public meeting.
Prayer, spirituality and charity are given a lot of importance in Ramadan.
I am happy to inform that the State Government has declared 19th June as Reading Day.
Do your best today.
We will work shoulder to shoulder with countries in the region to tackle disasters.
Seven countries in the Asia Pacific region are among the top ten countries with the highest number of deaths due to disasters.
Every year, an average of 32 thousand crore rupees has been spent on water conservation and water management apart from the MNREGA budget.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of nine infrastructure projects in the rail, road, petroleum and power sectors.
These are our values as well.
We salute the courage and invaluable services of the Indian Army.
We have shaped an ambitious roadmap to make our comprehensive strategic partnership purposeful and action-oriented.
He said that in the World Travel and Tourism Council's 2018 report, India is currently ranked third in the Power Rankings.
The two leaders exchanged views on their respective approaches to foreign policy to achieve global prosperity and security.
Russia provided its support for India's membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
I am happy to inform that the State Government has declared 19th June as Reading Day.
Stable, predictable and transparent laws and regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
They will also witness demonstration of several activities such as beneficiary identification, and e-card generation, etc.
Arbitration proceedings will now be faster as the Arbitration Act has been amended.
India has been home to many saints who served and reformed the society.
He also elaborated on how all government schemes and initiatives are aimed at empowering the poor to fight poverty.
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew on the success of the mission.
The Prime Minister will first launch the new Bhabhatron Precision Technology (Multi Leaf Collimator).
India will emerge as a global leader on the back of cutting-edge technology and skilled manpower.
This is how he brought our beloved Tricolour closer to the masses.
Uttarakhand has anyway been a major centre of yoga for many decades.
This feeling of attachment to the country and love for the countrymen was embedded in the veins of that great man of small stature.
The Prime Minister said, "Greetings and best wishes to CISF personnel on the Raising Day of the Central Industrial Security Force.
Major international financial institutions such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF), as well as several well-known agencies such as Moody's, have also expressed their confidence in India's economic journey.
He changed the fate of not only himself but also of his region through organised efforts.
Because Indonesia, the country with the largest Muslim population in the world, stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
He also offered prayers at the Sree Padmanabha Swamy temple.
"I bow to Guru Ravidas Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayanti.
The Prime Minister appreciated how with confidence and fortitude, poor women have fought against all odds.
Within a few hours, the video generated a tremendous amount of interest on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook.
I have worked hard throughout the year, now there is an opportunity to tell, this should be a festival of such enthusiasm.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the love he received in Kutch is unparalleled.
For a healthy and happy humanity, it is our responsibility to make the understanding of yoga more developed.
He told the students that they should think of innovative solutions to the problems faced by the people.
He worked to unite the people by awakening national consciousness.
But when we talk about Ganesh Utsav, it is very natural to remember Lokmanya Tilak Ji.
During the last three years, we have worked tirelessly on the ease of doing business front.
We are also partners in South Africa's skill development efforts.
According to estimates by the World Bank and IMF, this boom will continue.
Security and defence cooperation have given an emerging new dimension to our relations.
Indian youth have excelled in this field due to their cutting-edge and out-of-the-box thinking.
This, he said, would eliminate middlemen and save the government.
Brothers and sisters, Irrigation projects are progressing.
He said the central government has approved 100 per cent FDI in the health care system.
This will also increase mutual trust and trade.
Today, the President and I have had a detailed discussion.
It has been lived by our ancestors for centuries.
The two countries share vibrant and growing people-to-people ties.
The prospect of rapid growth places a great responsibility on India's energy sector.
Look at how many times I've used words like best of all time, greatest of all time in the last few minutes.
This can only happen if there is a long-term investment in the business, leading to job creation and sustainable economic growth.
The government and people of India are with you in your journey towards peace and prosperity.
14. Other areas of cooperation as per mutual decision.
He said that people should learn about local history and the archaeology of their cities and regions.
The Prime Minister also visited the museum and exhibition, and the visitors' gallery.
The award is given by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO).
He listed a number of initiatives, including the introduction of GST, auction of natural resources, insurance and banking sector reforms, and skill development.
Looking at the world map, it is clear that both India and South Africa are located in very important places in the Indian Ocean.
He listed a number of initiatives, including the introduction of GST, auction of natural resources, insurance and banking sector reforms, and skill development.
He also said that a number of announcements have been made in the budget to meet this objective.
Now electricity has reached every village of our country.
Strategic partnership
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that through India Post Payments Bank, banking services will easily reach the remotest places and people living there, across the country.
He appreciated the security apparatus being used in the security of the country.
His slogan of "Jai Jawan Jai Kisan" is the hallmark of his towering personality.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and personal support.
The money will be used to strengthen facilities like electricity, water, sewage, sanitation and gardens in these 33 cities.
As of August 2017, Indian soldiers have served in about 50 of the UN's 71 peacekeeping operations worldwide.
The Prime Minister will join thousands of volunteers in practicing yoga asanas at the Forest Research Institute grounds in Dehradun, nestled in the lap of the Himalayas.
India can proudly say that not only the male power but also the female power is contributing as much to the armed forces in India's army.
Plastic is now becoming the biggest threat to humanity.
The Prime Minister appreciated the efforts of the state government, all other agencies in dealing with the flood situation so far.
The people of Meghalaya have made significant contributions to our country.
I am extremely happy to be among the manufacturers and global leaders in the food processing sector.
If we talk about the three years of this government, then more than 22 thousand MW of new capacity of renewable energy has been connected to grid power.
In his message, he said, "I bow to Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan on his Jayanti.
As of August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
The Prime Minister further said that for a start-up to succeed, it needs to have enough capital, courage, and connect with people.
The setting up of this Joint Working Group will help in resolving matters relating to terrorist attacks.
Today the whole country is celebrating the festival of Janmashtami along with the festival of independence.
This is the seventh interaction in the series of interactions of the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of government schemes.
Under this scheme, more than 10 crore families will be provided health insurance of 5 lakh rupees per family every year.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted Babu Jagjivan on his birthday.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and the United Kingdom for cooperation in the field of law and justice and the establishment of a Joint Consultative Committee between the two countries.
Even our ancient texts stress the importance of personal hygiene.
He told the students that they should think of innovative solutions to the problems faced by the people.
The Prime Minister said that special attention is being paid to skill development of rural youth through Deendayal Antyodaya.
In August 2016, a stricter set of rules was put in place to curb benami transactions.
If we are not able to manage this progress in planning and implementation, the human and economic losses from the disaster will be greater than before.
The government has also asked banks to increase the cash credit limit for small industries from 20 per cent to 25 per cent.
He said Kashi is now emerging as a health hub.
Now, in some parts of the world, the Rath Yatra of Lord Jagannath is celebrated.
In one year, 197 million bank accounts were opened.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore Enterprise and Innovation Expo.
We have set a target of ensuring capacity addition of 175 GW of renewable energy by 2022.
Yoga guarantees both fitness and wellness.
Referring to the Atal Incubation Centre, he said that start-ups have now started associating with it.
Member countries can use BRICS countries' labour research institutions and social security cooperation frameworks to collaborate on social security and other labour-related issues.
We aspire for peace and prosperity for all.
In a few days, we will celebrate the first International Tsunami Awareness Day.
We are bringing in the Goods and Services Tax law to create a unified national market.
Prime Minister Modi noted that defence ties are an important pillar of the relationship between India and Japan.
You will be happy to know that the productivity of Lok Sabha was 118% and that of Rajya Sabha was 74%.
The Prime Minister said that the task of building toilets was done like a mission.
But the rains are waiting.
Describing it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated the PM-SYM scheme to the 42 crore workers in the unorganised sector of the country.
This has benefited lakhs of artisans and workers.
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for everyone to maintain peace.
My Government's Act East Policy places the region at the centre of cooperation.
In fact, my personal attachment to the leadership, government, industry and people of Japan goes back almost a decade.
Their goal is to reach 300 million disadvantaged people by 2022.
I begin by congratulating NITI Aayog for organizing this global conference.
We will facilitate the early start of negotiations on a Free Trade Agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
I wish the injured a speedy recovery.
According to the Bank of International Settlements, India is less vulnerable to banking crises among major economies.
The Prime Minister elaborated on how the Union Government has focused on "Ease of Doing Business" as well as ensuring "Ease of Living for the citizens of the country."
He said that the Central Government and the State Governments would be keen to popularize sports.
More than 40 countries have also sent their official delegations.
The Indian side welcomed the opening of the Far East Agency office in Mumbai.
Your generation has also faced constant hardships.
AIIB's investment in sustainable infrastructure can be expected to make a positive difference to the lives of billions of people.
After unveiling the plaque for inauguration, the Prime Minister walked for a few minutes towards the visit of the bridge.
India and Russia pledged to cooperate with each other to meet these goals.
There are opportunities like this waiting to be tapped.
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for everyone to maintain peace.
The Prime Minister also stressed the importance of Farmer Producer Organizations.
It is expected that the #Sandesh2Soldiers campaign will increase interaction between the people and the armed forces.
May God give them the courage and strength to bear this irreparable loss.
He was appointed a permanent judge in the Gauhati High Court on 28 February 2001.
I am confident that World Food India will help take some concrete steps in this direction.
But whenever I look at the impact of 'Mann Ki Baat', my belief becomes stronger that 'Mann Ki Baat' is 100% connected with the people of this country.
He started practice in the Gauhati High Court on constitutional, taxation and company matters.
Looking at the world map, it is clear that both India and South Africa are located in very important places in the Indian Ocean.
He detailed the benefits that the Swachh Bharat Mission will bring to the health and tourism sector.
Dr. Abdul Kalam remained committed to realising the dream of a developed India throughout his life.
It gives me great pleasure to welcome Your Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, and the Ministers of Malaysia and Mauritius to this event.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the newly constructed Madan Mohan Malviya Cancer Centre of Banaras Hindu University.
Make-in-India is therefore stronger than ever for India and for global supply.
In his message, the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has said, "Greetings on World Environment Day.
17. Expansion of vaccination to all states is proposed.
The Prime Minister noted the tremendous technological progress made by Israel and its long tradition of bravery and martyrdom.
Last month, our space scientists created a unique record.
This is the true spirit of women empowerment all over the country.
We need to change this mindset.
He said that we have to move towards transparent and flexible markets for both oil and gas.
More than 33 lakh women farmers have been trained through the Mahila Kisan Sashaktikaran Pariyojana.
In such a situation, the eyes of the world have turned to India and yoga for a permanent solution to these problems.
Both underscored the importance of pluralism, democracy and the rule of law as values for achieving peaceful co-existence.
The Prime Minister said, "Today, Jan-Dhan Yojana has completed three years.
Our trade cooperation with Europe and Southeast Asia through spices is world-renowned.
This is another area that can become a link to further connect our societies.
This can only happen if there is a long-term investment in the business, leading to job creation and sustainable economic growth.
And last year was also the silver jubilee of our diplomatic relations.
The Prime Minister spoke of the work being done towards modernising the transport infrastructure.
The next step in this movement should be to convert waste into a valuable product.
Today I will also have the opportunity to meet people of Indian origin living in the Netherlands.
He inaugurated the Luangpokpa Multi-Sport Complex, Rani Gaidinliu Park and other important development projects.
1.25 billion Indians are waiting to welcome the leaders of ASEAN countries as our chief guests of India's 69th Republic Day celebrations.
The Prime Minister said that he has fulfilled the promise of 'One Rank One Pension' for ex-servicemen and he is happy to be able to fulfil it.
The Prime Minister further said that for a start-up to succeed, it needs to have enough capital, courage, and connect with people.
The Prime Minister said that it is our endeavour to initiate development while preserving the environment and local culture.
He reiterated the key role of the United Nations, including the 'High-Level Political Forum on Sustainable Development', in coordinating as well as reviewing the global implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
He said that a dynamic change is needed to bring about a change in the system.
I want to see a reading and library movement like this all over the country.
He said the award also indicates the priorities of the government.
It offers a panoramic view of the Sardar Sarovar Dam, its reservoir, and the Satpura and Vindhya mountain ranges.
It is said that the inspiration was Sister Nivedita.
I have visited Japan several times during the past few years.
The kind of affection, the reverence and the sense of grief that poured in the entire country for Atal ji reflects his towering personality.
This is another area that can become a link to further connect our societies.
He said that the statue will provide immense opportunity for tourism.
This year, World Environment Day seeks to address a very important challenge.
The Prime Minister said that his government is committed to completing all projects in a time-bound manner.
The purpose of this approval is to ensure that doctors of Central Health Service (CHS) and other Ministries / Departments / Central Government Institutions work exclusively in the areas of specialization on attaining the age of 62 years.
He started practice in the Gauhati High Court on constitutional, taxation and company matters.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted all citizens on National Voters' Day.
We are a young country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended an event organised by the Press Council of India to mark National Press Day.
In this context, the Prime Minister drew attention to the International Solar Alliance, which India and France are jointly working towards.
After the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, the five worst affected countries enacted new laws on disaster risk reduction management.
Responding to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India's timeless values of nature protection and conservation.
When you read inside, learn how our youth today strive to make a difference in the lives of ordinary people by making smart and creative use of technology.
I want to see a reading and library movement like this all over the country.
5. Both countries called upon all countries to reduce global tensions and promote the ideals of tolerance, cooperation, transparency and openness in inter-state relations.
At the same time, there is enthusiasm that joint India-Indonesia CEO talks are on the anvil.
Ten days ago, Mother India lost her brave sons.
Non-communicable diseases, including pediatric heart disease and cancer;
Shri Modi said that Shri Vajpayee is among the finest orators his country has ever produced.
The first eighty to ninety large merchants had access to rough diamonds in the world through Belgium, Africa, and Israel.
There was praise for India's various economic reform agendas, including the GST.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the Annual Conference of Directors General of Police at BSF Academy, Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh, on 7th and 8th January.
'Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas' can be our guiding light for cooperation and actions in South Asia.
A memorandum was sent on behalf of the Chief Minister of Mizoram, who was unable to attend the meeting in person.
By removing physical barriers at state borders, GST will accelerate efficiency in furthering long-distance transportation.
These are some examples of improvements.
I always find a meeting with you to be very useful.
Mr. Abdul Kalam, the former President of India, always talked about Nanaji Deshmukh's rural development when he spoke to the youth.
Sometimes it also seems that we are not able to see the exam in the proper perspective.
The Prime Minister said that India considers Israel an important partner in our path to sustained high growth and inclusive development.
The Prime Minister said that steps like Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyan and Mission Indradhanush have played an important role in reducing mortality.
Referring to the achievements in the field of sanitation, the Prime Minister said that since 2014, the coverage of clean areas has increased from 40 per cent to 80 per cent.
On this occasion, I thank all the officers and men of the Coast Guard for their service to the nation.
Everyone remembers the efforts of the UN to establish peace in the world, its positive role.
I have been saying that this twenty-first (21st century) is Asia's century.
You must have seen how steps have been taken within 100 hours of the attack.
He inaugurated the Luangpokpa Multi-Sport Complex, Rani Gaidinliu Park and other important development projects.
The army has vowed to completely destroy the terrorists and their facilitators.
Under the able leadership of President Hassan Rouhani, Iran will continue to scale new heights of achievements.
He will also address ex-servicemen on the occasion.
It is a matter of happiness for me that along with my partner and friend President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan, I got the opportunity to jointly inaugurate this conference.
He complimented the officers who have been instrumental in this transformation.
A law was passed in 2015 for disclosure of money in foreign bank accounts.
• The cow is considered to be the mother here.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that Mahatma Gandhi's ideas have the power to solve today's challenges in the world.
May God give them the courage and strength to bear this irreparable loss.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India would be able to benefit from the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
The energy intensity of economies will change with a focus on green energy and energy efficiency.
Both sides agreed to strengthen cultural and humanitarian ties within the SCO.
India's defence preparedness is guided by these considerations.
You celebrate Indian festivals in your own way.
Best wishes
Bilateral cooperation in the food processing sector between India and Japan will mutually benefit the food processing sector of both countries.
The Prime Minister said that the gathering here today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
Most sectors of our economy are now open only to FDI.
New AIIMS are being opened in different states so that people across the country get better treatment and health facilities.
Shape our partnership and reconciliation in a way that ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and all Sri Lankans, and touches your lives as well.
Armed forces all over the world know the importance of supply chains.
The thinking of the government will also be discussed and I think a very good debate will also take place in the session.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of pipeline and road projects.
Remembering Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that on Netaji's call, many Andamanese youth had dedicated themselves to India's freedom.
It will facilitate effective institutional interaction between India and Thailand.
He called upon the children to study diligently and at the same time develop interest in sports.
Kochi ranks first in terms of the number of domestic and international tourists visiting Kerala.
Addressing a large and enthusiastic gathering, the Prime Minister said that today he himself is experiencing how Rajasthan welcomes visitors.
The 10 survey questions are as follows:
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan for membership of the International Energy Group.
Indian youth have excelled in this field due to their cutting-edge and out-of-the-box thinking.
He said that Shri Vajpayee was a towering personality who was loved and respected by all sections of society.
In response to a question from a team working on creating rural digital entrepreneurship, the Prime Minister said that it is important to create an India where there is equal opportunity for all.
The project is also an example of eco-friendly development.
The capacity of the National Consumer Helpline has been increased 4 times.
I would like to thank and congratulate those of you who are already in India.
Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
This month, a 20-year-old Pune girl, Vedangi Kulkarni, became the fastest Asian to cycle around the world.
The earth is our mother and we are her sons.
India's economic growth rate in the fourth quarter of the financial year 2017-18 has been 7. 7 percent.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory regime to ensure the protection of their investments.
He will attend functions to mark the completion of one year of the state government.
This is the first time since independence that such a scheme has been launched.
Major international financial institutions such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF), as well as several well-known agencies such as Moody's, have also expressed their confidence in India's economic journey.
Even today, the players of Team India are inspiring the new generation of hockey by the successes they are getting due to their hard work and dedication.
The Prime Minister has appreciated the efforts being made by the state government to deal with this unprecedented crisis.
The team members presented the Prime Minister with a signed bat, a ball and a team jersey bearing the name of the Prime Minister.
The 100% neem coating of urea has also resulted in reducing the expenditure on fertilizer, in addition to increasing productivity.
"On World Toilet Day, we reaffirm our commitment to improving sanitation facilities across our country.
In Dwarka, he will lay the foundation stone of a bridge and other road projects between Okha and Bait Dwarka.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, explained the benefits of the PM-SYM scheme.
The Prime Minister exhorted these students to work hard towards realising their vision.
Now some other important decisions have also been taken in the interest of the farmer brothers.
The Prime Minister said that the Constitution has been a guardian for us.
The Prime Minister recalled the role played by Indian soldiers in the liberation of Haifa during World War I.
It has gained wings from our democratic traditions, which emphasise both wealth and value creation, strengthen the entrepreneurial spirit, and seek modernisation for the prosperity of its economy.
The setting up of this Joint Working Group will help in resolving matters relating to terrorist attacks.
He said that this award is being given at a time when the country is celebrating the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The UAE is one of our most valued allies, and a close friend, in an important part of the world.
Referring to the honesty shown by the Bohra community in business, the Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest traders and workers through the GST, Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the benefits that have been made possible in the state through various schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Fasal Bima Yojana, and Saubhagya.
The Japanese have led the world in the field of sustainable development.
More than 90 per cent of the approvals are through the automatic route.
After the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, the five worst affected countries enacted new laws on disaster risk reduction management.
Countries that leave their heritage behind also lose their identity.
Last month, our space scientists created a unique record.
The scope of the MoU includes the following areas of cooperation: -
He said that during the last 3 years, more than 65 AYUSH hospitals have been developed.
When all the parties work together in the interest of the country, the decisions are also good, quick, and the results are also good.
In one year, 197 million bank accounts were opened.
Stressing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said that "playing with future generations would be an immoral and criminal act."
In such a positive atmosphere, amidst a series of positive events, today we are celebrating the festival of independence.
Foreign investment has been invited in this sector.
Today, along with the work of human rights at the national level, 26 state human rights commissions have also been formed.
There was also a time in the past when some Indian products gained a global reputation.
The Prime Minister said that the government's drive against black money is a bold and decisive step.
Later, the Prime Minister inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
He had also released a commemorative postage stamp on the occasion.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took over the reins of unifying India.
The Indian side expressed its intention to increase the import of fertilizers from Russia.
The popularity of these events grew over time.
Health and wellness centres are an important part of the Ayushman Bharat scheme to ensure holistic health.
The Ayushman Bharat scheme will provide vast investment opportunities in health infrastructure, medical devices manufacturing, and healthcare services.
See, the change will come as soon as you see it.
He also said that the central government does not take decisions for political gains, but keeping the national interest in mind.
The interest rate on these will also be lower as the cost of the guarantee will be borne by the central government.
Considering the importance of bilateral cooperation in the development of the pharma industry and bio-pharma industry in both countries and trade, production, research and development in the pharma sector, both countries have been endeavouring to create a formal mechanism for bilateral cooperation.
At a public meeting in Ujire, the Prime Minister distributed RuPay cards to account holders under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana.
Along with the high-speed rail project, a training institute is also being built.
I heartily congratulate the people of the school of Chandrapur, these little friends of mine.
So a lot of new people will have been trained - to vote.
Our target is to provide a house with toilet, water and electricity facilities to every poor and homeless family by 2022.
The Prime Minister elaborated on how the Union Government has focused on "Ease of Doing Business" as well as ensuring "Ease of Living for the citizens of the country."
The Prime Minister said, "Today, Jan-Dhan Yojana has completed three years.
The Prime Minister said that it is not enough to have a distinguished reputation earned in the past, but it is also very important to adapt to emerging challenges.
On the eve of this Republic Day, I congratulate the brave jawans who have been honoured with various gallantry awards and their families.
Our emphasis has been on implementing the various decisions taken during our last two meetings.
The first eighty to ninety large merchants had access to rough diamonds in the world through Belgium, Africa, and Israel.
7. Deployment of a mid-level health provider at the sub-centre level who is trained in primary health care and public health capacity.
In fact, my personal attachment to the leadership, government, industry and people of Japan goes back almost a decade.
India will fully support their efforts in this direction.
The Prime Minister specifically mentioned Meghalaya, which received the award for its achievements in agriculture during the period under review.
Training and management for the administration of health services and hospitals;
Speaking about the progress made so far towards this resolve, the Prime Minister said that more than 11 crore soil health cards have been distributed so far.
7. Availability of health equipment and pharmaceutical products.
The Prime Minister will arrive in Port Blair on the evening of 29th December.
The earth is our mother and we are her sons.
Jasmer Singh went to work every morning before Rajni and her siblings got up.
This will provide the necessary momentum to enhance bilateral trade and investment relations.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today reviewed the progress of several key infrastructure projects, including PMGSY, housing, coal and power.
The capability of the NDRF, their commitment and effort to handle the situation by taking quick decisions has become a new center of reverence for every Indian.
In this Town Hall program, I got an opportunity to talk to crores of students, their parents, teachers from home and abroad through technology.
The first eighty to ninety large merchants had access to rough diamonds in the world through Belgium, Africa, and Israel.
He requested the children that the praise and fame that you are getting should not be a hindrance to your future progress.
At the same time, the important responsibility of the country is to protect its citizens.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory regime to ensure the protection of their investments.
In Dwarka, he will lay the foundation stone of a bridge and other road projects between Okha and Bait Dwarka.
Addressing a large and enthusiastic gathering, the Prime Minister said that today he himself is experiencing how Rajasthan welcomes visitors.
Both sides stressed the importance of continuing the multilateral dialogue on this subject within the framework of the East Asia Summits and other regional fora.
The MNREGA funds provided by the Government of India for water conservation and water management have been very well received by some.
Today, I am proud to say that due to collective efforts, Swachh Bharat Mission has become a successful campaign.
A few days ago, we all remember the successful launch of 'GSAT-19' by ISRO.
The Prime Minister said, "Bhupen Hazarika's songs and music have been admired by people across generations.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved measures to boost the hydropower sector.
These amendments will bring our mediation process in sync with the best practices in the world.
Speaking about Shri Pranab Mukherjee, he said, "Pranab Da is an outstanding statesman of our times.
I am happy that Bhupen Da was honoured with the Bharat Ratna. "
He described tourism as an ancient concept and a spiritual tradition in India.
The Prime Minister said that his government is committed to completing all projects in a time-bound manner.
Many of our festivals uniquely embody the spirit of saving rivers and water.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that work is going on at a rapid pace to ensure that every homeless person has a home by 2022.
Independence of the judiciary is a basic feature of the Indian Constitution.
We are with the bereaved families.
5 companies of BSF, CISF, RAF have been deployed for relief and rescue work in the state.
Swiss Bank has reported that deposits by Indians have hit an all-time low.
Addressing an enthusiastic gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that today, Motihari is witnessing the same spirit of mass movement that was seen in the Champaran Satyagraha a century ago.
Along with this, she is also doing a skill development course.
The Prime Minister has also greeted the people of Andhra Pradesh.
You act as the interface between the government and the tax-paying citizens and companies.
The Prime Minister urged the players to remember and stay in touch with their gurus, mentors, and teachers who have guided them since childhood.
